File Name	Original Title	Exptected Title	Carotene Expected Title	Expected SOCs	Carotene Socs	Carotene ID	Carotene Title	Confidence	In SOCs	Title Match	Description
v2	Regional Sales Director-West	"THE COMPANY Established Midwest based manufacturer of motorized recreational products sold worldwide. Market through dealers responsible for sales and service. Largest customer, dealer and unit population in the industry.  Fast tracking development of new products and implementation of major enhancements to existing products. Positioning for growth has created need for additional management and field staffing. Great benefits package, including management bonus plan, employee purchase discounts and a full relocation package."	[the company established midwest based manufacturer of motorized recreational products sold worldwide. market through dealers responsible for sales and service. largest customer, dealer and unit population in the industry.  fast tracking development of new products and implementation of major enhancements to existing products. positioning for growth has created need for additional management and field staffing. great benefits package, including management bonus plan, employee purchase discounts and a full relocation package.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.21	Sales Director	0.5767793	1	0	Sales Director
v2	Territory Manager	"In order to get a quicker response refer to # 1980-HH-SCM-a in the subject are of your email  A HIGH GROWTH Pre-IPO company that is set to go public within 12 to 16 months  - they have an ""Early-to-Market"" advantage to address THE Hottest topic in the LAN/WAN sector.....BANDWITH MANAGEMENT - being able to provide the most robust bandwidth management solutions on the market has got to be one of those great opportunities that are not as prevelant as years prior - You will be responsible for the cultivating of new business - primary selling activity will be to the Fortune 1000 companies and the Government - through network integrators and the resellers."	[in order to get a quicker response refer to # 1980-hh-scm-a in the subject are of your email  a high growth pre-ipo company that is set to go public within 12 to 16 months  - they have an early-to-market advantage to address the hottest topic in the lan/wan sector.....bandwith management - being able to provide the most robust bandwidth management solutions on the market has got to be one of those great opportunities that are not as prevelant as years prior - you will be responsible for the cultivating of new business - primary selling activity will be to the fortune 1000 companies and the government - through network integrators and the resellers.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.57	Territory Manager	1.0	1	1	Territory Manager
v2	Production Director	"Primary Purpose: To support the marketing, sales, and fund raising objectives for clients of The Domain Group by managing all aspects of the Operations Department related to estimating, negotiating, and producing jobs for clients, ensuring that these functions are executed on the proper schedule with the proper quality at the proper cost.  Responsibilities: The Production Director will: 1. Work in cooperation with the Job Systems and Operations Manager to create systems, processes, and procedures to assure that the production of jobs is cost effective while being sensitive to client demands, especially regarding schedules and costs.  2. Supervise and coordinate the production managers assuring that there is the proper capacity to execute client and corporate jobs in a timely and cost effective manner; that those jobs, including estimates, are done in the least amount of time possible, with little or no errors with the proper quality and the lowest possible price while maintaining the agreed-upon schedule.  3. work in cooperation with the Job Systems and operations Manager and the Director Client Services to make sure client service systems, processes and human resource management are supporting the iob production process to the satisfaction of the client.  4. uncover new and innovative production techniques, methods and processes to improve the way the agency produces jobs for clients.  This involves uncovering new ways to package messages using the latest production and manufacturing techniques and processes available.  5. In cooperation with the Job Systems and Operations manager, increase the number of vendors used and negotiate discounts or rebates based on volume of work and payment terms.  6. Perform other Production administrative duties as requested."	[primary purpose: to support the marketing, sales, and fund raising objectives for clients of the domain group by managing all aspects of the operations department related to estimating, negotiating, and producing jobs for clients, ensuring that these functions are executed on the proper schedule with the proper quality at the proper cost.  responsibilities: the production director will: 1. work in cooperation with the job systems and operations manager to create systems, processes, and procedures to assure that the production of jobs is cost effective while being sensitive to client demands, especially regarding schedules and costs.  2. supervise and coordinate the production managers assuring that there is the proper capacity to execute client and corporate jobs in a timely and cost effective manner; that those jobs, including estimates, are done in the least amount of time possible, with little, no errors with the proper quality and the lowest possible price while maintaining the agreed-upon schedule.  3. work in cooperation with the job systems and operations manager and the director client services to make sure client service systems, processes and human resource management are supporting the iob production process to the satisfaction of the client.  4. uncover new and innovative production techniques, methods and processes to improve the way the agency produces jobs for clients.  this involves uncovering new ways to package messages using the latest production and manufacturing techniques and processes available.  5. in cooperation with the job systems and operations manager, increase the number of vendors used and negotiate discounts, rebates based on volume of work and payment terms.  6. perform other production administrative duties as requested.]	[11]	[11]	11.17	Director of Operations	0.31962565	1	0	Director of Operations
v2	Chief Information Officer	"Founded in 1994 our client gathers financial, economic, and political news and information from emerging markets in Europe, Latin America and Asia and delivers the data via the Internet to users/analysts worldwide. Through this subscription-based service, users access a comprehensive range of information derived directly from over 600 leading sources (newspapers, bureaus, government agencies, stock exchanges etc). Users include professionals at financial institutions, global blue chip corporations, and international governmental operations. The company employs nearly 200 people worldwide; they are a pre-IPO firm with significant financial backing.  This position reports to the COO in Boston and will be primarily responsible for leading their Internet Software Product Development efforts (Oracle, Unix, Perl). They will manage a direct staff of 30 software developers located in Boston, Europe and Latin America as well as a Senior DB Specialist and several Production Control Specialists. Indirectly they will have responsibility for another 30+ Systems Administrators/Perl Scripters worldwide. Currently user departments handle their own information systems and IT provides the infrastructure support."	[founded in 1994 our client gathers financial, economic, and political news and information from emerging markets in europe, latin america and asia and delivers the data via the internet to users/analysts worldwide. through this subscription-based service, users access a comprehensive range of information derived directly from over 600 leading sources (newspapers, bureaus, government agencies, stock exchanges etc). users include professionals at financial institutions, global blue chip corporations, and international governmental operations. the company employs nearly 200 people worldwide; they are a pre-ipo firm with significant financial backing.  this position reports to the coo in boston and will be primarily responsible for leading their internet software product development efforts (oracle, unix, perl). they will manage a direct staff of 30 software developers located in boston, europe and latin america as well as a senior db specialist and several production control specialists. indirectly they will have responsibility for another 30+ systems administrators/perl scripters worldwide. currently user departments handle their own information systems and it provides the infrastructure support.]	[11]	[11]	11.12	Vice President	0.51733327	1	0	"""Chief Information Officer"""
v2	Construction Project Manager	"The ideal candidate with have at least 3 years experience as a Construction Project Manager working with institutional or government facilities.  This candidate should have at least 5 years experience in the Construction Industry and experience on the General Contractor side of the house.  This person is needed to work on Post Office, Universities and Airport Facilities.    **Currently Not Considering Candidates That Need Sponsorship**"	[the ideal candidate with have at least 3 years experience as a construction project manager working with institutional, government facilities.  this candidate should have at least 5 years experience in the construction industry and experience on the general contractor side of the house.  this person is needed to work on post office, universities and airport facilities.    **currently not considering candidates that need sponsorship**]	[11, 47]	[47]	47.156	Assistant Construction Project Manager	1.0	1	0	Assistant Construction Project Manager OR Project Manager OR Construction Manager
v2	Finance Manager	"The FINANCE MANAGER will provide financial leadership in the DC/Baltimore markets of NEXTLINK's Northeast Region, including ICB pricing analysis, on-net building business cases, monthly outlook process, annual business plans, monthly variance analysis and operations review preparations."	[the finance manager will provide financial leadership in the dc/baltimore markets of nextlink's northeast region, including icb pricing analysis, on-net building business cases, monthly outlook process, annual business plans, monthly variance analysis and operations review preparations.]	[11, 13]	[11]	11.20	Finance Manager	1.0	1	1	Finance Manager OR Financial Services Manager
v2	Regional Manager - MA	"** Please read through the entire ad and review the website link before submitting your resume.  Only serious inquiries from qualified individuals will be considered. This is not MLM **  Position: Regional Manager - Protected Territory  The Company:  IGM is a new presence on the web; an enormously well funded internet project.  We have the capability to take the internet to its next logical level by combining traditional person-to-person marketing and sales with state-of-the-art computer and communications technology.  We have built a membership-based wholesale internet marketing mall, offering ""one stop wholesale shopping"" with goods and services such as computers, home goods, gifts, cars, food products, toys, clothing, novelties, financial services, satellite services, etc. In other words, everything you would find at a sprawling strip mall, plus thousands more features, all provided at great discounts to our members.   Responsibilities:  We are seeking a Regional Manager - a marketing entrepreneur with enough ""horsepower"" to recruit, develop train and maintain 25-50 strong local sales people within 6 months.  Territories are protected; an average of one manager for every 3.5 million people.  Training and support will be provided to help you with your efforts.   Compensation:  We do not offer a base salary; we offer an extremely rewarding production-based compensation plan, with a profitable internet company backed by over 500 million dollars in assets.  The manager's compensation package consists of a percentage of region's sales, including all memberships and product purchases, merchant store sign-ups, renewals on repeat business, and company equity upon our IPO.  Review the website link provided following this ad for additional compensation information. ."	[** please read through the entire ad and review the website link before submitting your resume.  only serious inquiries from qualified individuals will be considered. this is not mlm **  position: regional manager - protected territory  the company:  igm is a new presence on the web; an enormously well funded internet project.  we have the capability to take the internet to its next logical level by combining traditional person-to-person marketing and sales with state-of-the-art computer and communications technology.  we have built a membership-based wholesale internet marketing mall, offering one stop wholesale shopping with goods and services such as computers, home goods, gifts, cars, food products, toys, clothing, novelties, financial services, satellite services, etc. in other words, everything you would find at a sprawling strip mall, plus thousands more features, all provided at great discounts to our members.   responsibilities:  we are seeking a regional manager - a marketing entrepreneur with enough horsepower to recruit, develop train and maintain 25-50 strong local sales people within 6 months.  territories are protected; an average of one manager for every 3.5 million people.  training and support will be provided to help you with your efforts.   compensation:  we do not offer a base salary; we offer an extremely rewarding production-based compensation plan, with a profitable internet company backed by over 500 million dollars in assets.  the manager's compensation package consists of a percentage of region's sales, including all memberships and product purchases, merchant store sign-ups, renewals on repeat business, and company equity upon our ipo.  review the website link provided following this ad for additional compensation information. .]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.31376	Regional Service Manager	0.8104126	1	0	Regional Service Manager or Sales Manager
v2	Regional Manager - AZ	"** Please read through the entire ad and review the website link before submitting your resume.  Only serious inquiries from qualified individuals will be considered. This is not MLM **  Position: Regional Manager - Protected Territory  The Company:  IGM is a new presence on the web; an enormously well funded internet project.  We have the capability to take the internet to its next logical level by combining traditional person-to-person marketing and sales with state-of-the-art computer and communications technology.  We have built a membership-based wholesale internet marketing mall, offering ""one stop wholesale shopping"" with goods and services such as computers, home goods, gifts, cars, food products, toys, clothing, novelties, financial services, satellite services, etc. In other words, everything you would find at a sprawling strip mall, plus thousands more features, all provided at great discounts to our members.   Responsibilities:  We are seeking a Regional Manager - a marketing entrepreneur with enough ""horsepower"" to recruit, develop train and maintain 25-50 strong local sales people within 6 months.  Territories are protected; an average of one manager for every 3.5 million people.  Training and support will be provided to help you with your efforts.   Compensation:  We do not offer a base salary; we offer an extremely rewarding production-based compensation plan, with a profitable internet company backed by over 500 million dollars in assets.  The manager's compensation package consists of a percentage of region's sales, including all memberships and product purchases, merchant store sign-ups, renewals on repeat business, and company equity upon our IPO.  Review the website link provided following this ad for additional compensation information. ."	[** please read through the entire ad and review the website link before submitting your resume.  only serious inquiries from qualified individuals will be considered. this is not mlm **  position: regional manager - protected territory  the company:  igm is a new presence on the web; an enormously well funded internet project.  we have the capability to take the internet to its next logical level by combining traditional person-to-person marketing and sales with state-of-the-art computer and communications technology.  we have built a membership-based wholesale internet marketing mall, offering one stop wholesale shopping with goods and services such as computers, home goods, gifts, cars, food products, toys, clothing, novelties, financial services, satellite services, etc. in other words, everything you would find at a sprawling strip mall, plus thousands more features, all provided at great discounts to our members.   responsibilities:  we are seeking a regional manager - a marketing entrepreneur with enough horsepower to recruit, develop train and maintain 25-50 strong local sales people within 6 months.  territories are protected; an average of one manager for every 3.5 million people.  training and support will be provided to help you with your efforts.   compensation:  we do not offer a base salary; we offer an extremely rewarding production-based compensation plan, with a profitable internet company backed by over 500 million dollars in assets.  the manager's compensation package consists of a percentage of region's sales, including all memberships and product purchases, merchant store sign-ups, renewals on repeat business, and company equity upon our ipo.  review the website link provided following this ad for additional compensation information. .]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.31376	Regional Service Manager	0.8104126	1	0	Regional Service Manager or Sales Manager
v2	Marketing Program Manager	"TTC is leveraging its vast product, services, knowledge and experience assets to help the communications industry optimize network performance and achieve significant operating efficiencies.  Our emphasis on open communications, employee development and technical excellence makes us an exciting place to work and a source of highly rewarding careers.  Headquartered near Washington, D.C., in Germantown, Md., TTC has offices and distributors worldwide.  The Marketing Program Manager is responsible for developing and maintaining a consultative relationship with business units and product marketing management. This includes obtaining and providing input for strategic planning, co-developing business plans and advising business units on marketing opportunities.  Manage and facilitate growth opportunities for Marketing Writers."	[ttc is leveraging its vast product, services, knowledge and experience assets to help the communications industry optimize network performance and achieve significant operating efficiencies.  our emphasis on open communications, employee development and technical excellence makes us an exciting place to work and a source of highly rewarding careers.  headquartered near washington, d.c., in germantown, md., ttc has offices and distributors worldwide.  the marketing program manager is responsible for developing and maintaining a consultative relationship with business units and product marketing management. this includes obtaining and providing input for strategic planning, co-developing business plans and advising business units on marketing opportunities.  manage and facilitate growth opportunities for marketing writers.]	[11, 13]	[11]	11.7	Program Manager	0.5	1	0	Marketing Manager
v2	Human Resources Manager	"HR Generalist for 500-600 employees and their managers at a union manufacturing location. Assists Spokesperson and negotiator.   Will provide recruitment, W&S, benefits, legal, communications, etc and coordinate with other departmemts, provide support services, talk to and/or coordinate other employees.  Multiple opportunities in many other locations across the US."	[hr generalist for 500-600 employees and their managers at a union manufacturing location. assists spokesperson and negotiator.   will provide recruitment, w&s, benefits, legal, communications, etc and coordinate with other departmemts, provide support services, talk to and/or coordinate other employees.  multiple opportunities in many other locations across the us.]	[11, 13]	[11]	11.11	Human Resources (HR) Manager	1.0	1	0	Human Resources (HR) Manager
v2	VP of  Marketing	"“Millions of people use _____.com.”  Making that statement a reality for this company is your opportunity to lead the marketing life cycle of a revolutionary Internet-based support service.  Your achievements as an innovative, seasoned professional have placed you at the top of your profession.  As a proven marketing pro, you will be responsible for the look, feel, distribution and positioning of the company.  Broad industry knowledge and contacts will allow you to effectively build and manage your team. You should have 1-15 years of industry experience with demonstrable success in positioning and bringing complex consumer products to market with a strong brand identity.  Your abilities should include the following: -competitive analysis -user research -market research -product trend analysis -product management -positioning and branding -collateral production -media planning -direct marketing -evangelism and PR -customer service  The company’s marketing strategy makes heavy use of vertical marketing and the pioneering business model is dependent upon proper market positioning and flawless execution of a strategic marketing plan.  It will be your responsibility to ensure a continually growing customer base and to build a strong consumer brand.  Location:  Santa Barbara, CA Please send resume, preferably in the form of a Word document attachment, to Jennifer Veblen:"	[“millions of people use _____.com.”  making that statement a reality for this company is your opportunity to lead the marketing life cycle of a revolutionary internet-based support service.  your achievements as an innovative, seasoned professional have placed you at the top of your profession.  as a proven marketing pro, you will be responsible for the look, feel, distribution and positioning of the company.  broad industry knowledge and contacts will allow you to effectively build and manage your team. you should have 1-15 years of industry experience with demonstrable success in positioning and bringing complex consumer products to market with a strong brand identity.  your abilities should include the following: -competitive analysis -user research -market research -product trend analysis -product management -positioning and branding -collateral production -media planning -direct marketing -evangelism and pr -customer service  the company’s marketing strategy makes heavy use of vertical marketing and the pioneering business model is dependent upon proper market positioning and flawless execution of a strategic marketing plan.  it will be your responsibility to ensure a continually growing customer base and to build a strong consumer brand.  location:  santa barbara, ca please send resume, preferably in the form of a word document attachment, to jennifer veblen:]	[11, 19]	[11]	11.196	Vice President (VP) of Marketing	1.0	1	0	Vice President (VP) of Marketing
v2	Director of Business Development	"Outstanding opportunity to join the growing Business Development & Sales Department at MaMaMedia Inc., a Soho-based, leading children's media company creating Internet-centered products for young children and their families. The candidate should be enthusiastic about joining an entrepreneurial, fun, and fast-growing Internet company. As the Director of Business Development you will:  Develop innovative business alliances with brand-name partners in diverse industries such as hardware, packaged goods, and online companies to build traffic and increase awareness of MaMaMedia via online and offline vehicles. Create new partnering strategies and packages to market and distribute our products and services. This will involve working closely with our Marketing Department to assess and leverage the branding and outreach potential of every deal. Close deals by identifying, qualifying and building relationships with partners. Manage existing partnerships; renew and expand these relationships.  The ideal candidate will have: New account development and strategic account management skills. Ability to interface with senior level executives, negotiate, and close a deal. Experience in consumer product marketing; experience with kid(s) products a plus. BA/BS required. Excellent presentation and interpersonal skills. Ability to work in a fast-paced and challenging environment. Solid computer skills and understanding of technology. Candidate must be comfortable using various computer programs including Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and the Internet. (Email is the company's primary internal communication tool.)  Compensation: Package will include a combination of salary, bonus, and options.  This is a great opportunity to join a dynamic company with unlimited growth potential. Email or fax your resume for consideration to jobs@mamamedia.com (Subject: Director of Business Development), 212-334-3276 (fax.)"	[outstanding opportunity to join the growing business development & sales department at mamamedia inc., a soho-based, leading children's media company creating internet-centered products for young children and their families. the candidate should be enthusiastic about joining an entrepreneurial, fun, and fast-growing internet company. as the director of business development you will:  develop innovative business alliances with brand-name partners in diverse industries such as hardware, packaged goods, and online companies to build traffic and increase awareness of mamamedia via online and offline vehicles. create new partnering strategies and packages to market and distribute our products and services. this will involve working closely with our marketing department to assess and leverage the branding and outreach potential of every deal. close deals by identifying, qualifying and building relationships with partners. manage existing partnerships; renew and expand these relationships.  the ideal candidate will have: new account development and strategic account management skills. ability to interface with senior level executives, negotiate, and close a deal. experience in consumer product marketing; experience with kid(s) products a plus. ba/bs required. excellent presentation and interpersonal skills. ability to work in a fast-paced and challenging environment. solid computer skills and understanding of technology. candidate must be comfortable using various computer programs including word, excel, powerpoint, outlook and the internet. (email is the company's primary internal communication tool.)  compensation: package will include a combination of salary, bonus, and options.  this is a great opportunity to join a dynamic company with unlimited growth potential. email, fax your resume for consideration to jobs@mamamedia.com (subject: director of business development), 212-334-3276 (fax.)]	[11]	[11]	11.48	Business Development Director	1.0	1	0	Business Development Director
v2	Director of OR	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Management, Operating Room Community Health Systems, Inc., a publicly owned company since June 9th, 2000, is currently seeking a talented Director of the Operating Room at Western Arizona Regional Medical Center in Bullhead City, AZ who desires a position with a growth-oriented, national healthcare system. CHS offers great opportunities for advancement with in its nationwide system of 53 hospitals in 20 states. Come join the team!   This position requires 2 to 3 years supervisory experience in an acute care setting.  Facility: Highland Medical Center  Description: Highland Medical Center has provided medical care with a personal touch to residents of Lubbock and surrounding communities for more than 30 years. The 123-bed acute care facility is accredited by JCAHO and provides staff privileges to more than 150 physicians. Highland Medical center is one of four hospitals in the Lubbock area, serving a primary population of 200,000 and an extended service area of over 500,000.  The hospital provides a full range of services to the community. Family practice, obstetrics and gynecology, skilled nursing, industrial medicine, orthopedics, urology and oncology are just some of the services that enable Highland to uphold its family-centered philosophy. Our diagnostic capabilities include radiology, laboratory, endoscopy and cardiopulmonary.   Highland Medical Center boasts the only comprehensive outpatient diabetes education program in Lubbock, focusing on wellness and prevention. The hospital also is host to 'Images,' a surgical weight loss program, and offers health screenings and other preventive and wellness programs. The Highland Medical Center campus includes a medical office building with 25 physician offices.  Community: Located in the heart of the vast southern plains of West Texas and Eastern New Mexico, Lubbock has easy access to the Southwest as well as the Great Plains and Rocky Mountain region. The climate is semi-arid and mild, with warm days and cool nights. The winters are fairly mild as well.   Lubbock enjoys a stable economy with strong manufacturing, medical, education, trade services and government sectors. The unemployment rate is relatively low at 4.5%. The community serves as a major hub for a 26-county area, and offers jet and commuter service through its International Airport."	[profession: nursing specialties: management, operating room community health systems, inc., a publicly owned company since june 9th, 2000, is currently seeking a talented director of the operating room at western arizona regional medical center in bullhead city, az who desires a position with a growth-oriented, national healthcare system. chs offers great opportunities for advancement with in its nationwide system of 53 hospitals in 20 states. come join the team!   this position requires 2 to 3 years supervisory experience in an acute care setting.  facility: highland medical center  description: highland medical center has provided medical care with a personal touch to residents of lubbock and surrounding communities for more than 30 years. the 123-bed acute care facility is accredited by jcaho and provides staff privileges to more than 150 physicians. highland medical center is one of four hospitals in the lubbock area, serving a primary population of 200,000 and an extended service area of over 500,000.  the hospital provides a full range of services to the community. family practice, obstetrics and gynecology, skilled nursing, industrial medicine, orthopedics, urology and oncology are just some of the services that enable highland to uphold its family-centered philosophy. our diagnostic capabilities include radiology, laboratory, endoscopy and cardiopulmonary.   highland medical center boasts the only comprehensive outpatient diabetes education program in lubbock, focusing on wellness and prevention. the hospital also is host to 'images,' a surgical weight loss program, and offers health screenings and other preventive and wellness programs. the highland medical center campus includes a medical office building with 25 physician offices.  community: located in the heart of the vast southern plains of west texas and eastern new mexico, lubbock has easy access to the southwest as well as the great plains and rocky mountain region. the climate is semi-arid and mild, with warm days and cool nights. the winters are fairly mild as well.   lubbock enjoys a stable economy with strong manufacturing, medical, education, trade services and government sectors. the unemployment rate is relatively low at 4.5%. the community serves as a major hub for a 26-county area, and offers jet and commuter service through its international airport.]	[11, 29]	[11]	11.27	Medical Director	0.67602885	1	0	"Medical Director OR Clinical Director OR ""Director of Operating Room (OR)"""
v2	Medical Director	"Profession: Physicians Specialties: Community Medicine, Emergency Medicine, Family Practice, Family/General Practice, General Practice, Internal Medicine, Urgent Care Escape the ordinary!  Join EMSA Correctional Care in the delivery of quality health care in the exciting field of Correctional Medicine.  We are seeking a full-time Medical Director/Primary Care Physician at thePRAIRIE CORRECTIONAL FACILITY in Appleton, MN (approximately 90 miles north of Sioux Falls). This is a great opportunity to practice Primary Care/Urgent Carein both inpatient and outpatient environments.Duties are varied and will include sick call, chronic care clinics, rounding, provider relations, management and utilization.   Facility: Prairie Correctional Facility"	[profession: physicians specialties: community medicine, emergency medicine, family practice, family/general practice, general practice, internal medicine, urgent care escape the ordinary!  join emsa correctional care in the delivery of quality health care in the exciting field of correctional medicine.  we are seeking a full-time medical director/primary care physician at theprairie correctional facility in appleton, mn (approximately 90 miles north of sioux falls). this is a great opportunity to practice primary care/urgent carein both inpatient and outpatient environments.duties are varied and will include sick call, chronic care clinics, rounding, provider relations, management and utilization.   facility: prairie correctional facility]	[11, 29]	[11]	11.27	Medical Director	1.0	1	1	Medical Director
v2	Clinical Nurse Specialist	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Clin Nurse Specialist - Consultant, Clin Nurse Specialist - Neuro, Clin Nurse Specialist - Neuro Rehab We are seeking a Clinical Nurse Specialist (CNS) who will function as a consultant within the organization as well as provide expert and complex nursing care to patients with Acquired Brain Injury. We are seeking a dynamic leader and role model with an MSN preferably in Adult Health with a special focus in Neuroscience or Rehabilitation.  CNS experience and clinical certification is preferred. This position is available on a full time or part time basis.  Facility: Shepherd Center  Description: Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia, is a private, not-for-profit hospital and rehabilitation center specializing in the treatment of people with acquired brain injury (ABI), spinal cord injury (SCI), multiple sclerosis (MS) and other neuromuscular disorders.  The Center houses the largest ABI rehabilitation program in Georgia.  Serving the Southeast since 1975, Shepherd offers a continuum of health care services, from ICU through inpatient rehabilitation, transitional care, day program, outpatient and residential services.  Community: Shepherd Center is located in Buckhead, just north of downtown Atlanta.  Buckhead is a vibrant, stylish area responsible for 96% of Atlanta's job growth from 1985-1995.  There is upscale shopping, beautiful homes/apartments, great schools &amp; plenty of fine dining and casual restaurants.  Buckhead is accessible from all metro-Atlanta areas."	[profession: nursing specialties: clin nurse specialist - consultant, clin nurse specialist - neuro, clin nurse specialist - neuro rehab we are seeking a clinical nurse specialist (cns) who will function as a consultant within the organization as well as provide expert and complex nursing care to patients with acquired brain injury. we are seeking a dynamic leader and role model with an msn preferably in adult health with a special focus in neuroscience, rehabilitation.  cns experience and clinical certification is preferred. this position is available on a full time, part time basis.  facility: shepherd center  description: shepherd center in atlanta, georgia, is a private, not-for-profit hospital and rehabilitation center specializing in the treatment of people with acquired brain injury (abi), spinal cord injury (sci), multiple sclerosis (ms) and other neuromuscular disorders.  the center houses the largest abi rehabilitation program in georgia.  serving the southeast since 1975, shepherd offers a continuum of health care services, from icu through inpatient rehabilitation, transitional care, day program, outpatient and residential services.  community: shepherd center is located in buckhead, just north of downtown atlanta.  buckhead is a vibrant, stylish area responsible for 96% of atlanta's job growth from 1985-1995.  there is upscale shopping, beautiful homes/apartments, great schools &amp; plenty of fine dining and casual restaurants.  buckhead is accessible from all metro-atlanta areas.]	[11, 29]	[29]	29.10	Clinical Nurse	0.77855873	1	0	Clinical Nurse
v2	Director of OB	"Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Business Services Community Health Systems, Inc., a publicly owned company since June 9th, 2000, is currently seeking a talented Director of Obstetrics at Martin General Health System in Williamston, NC who desires a position with a growth-oriented, national healthcare system. CHS offers great opportunities for advancement with in its nationwide system of 53 hospitals in 20 states. Come join the team!   This position requires 2 to 3 years supervisory experience in an acute care setting.  Facility: Martin General Health System  Description: Martin General Health System is a 49-bed JCAHO fully accredited Acute Care facility located in Williamston, North Carolina. The hospital offers a full range of inpatient and outpatient services including: Intensive Care facility, Rural Health Clinics, a 24-hour Emergency Department, Obstetrics/Gynecology, Midwifery Services, Pediatrics, Family Practice, Laboratory, Radiology Department, Pharmacy, Cardiopulmonary Services, Complete Surgery Facilities, Telemedicine and Physical and Occupational Therapy.  Community: Martin County is located in the northeast Coastal Plain of North Carolina, adjacent to North Carolina's Outer Banks and Atlantic Ocean. More than twenty creeks and streams slowly meander through the countryside emptying into the Roanoke River, eventually reaching the Albemarle Sound. Greenville, home of East Carolina University and East Carolina School of Medicine, is an easy twenty-five mile drive to the southwest.   Martin County is mainly agrarian and has a population of 25,000. Although rural in nature, Martin County has significant industry, which has grown at a healthy rate. Many out-of-state corporations have made sizable investments in our county. Some of these include Weyerhaeuser, Guy's Snack Foods, Perdue Farms, Inc., Aiamar Knit Fabrics, Inc., Liberty Fabrics, White Packing and Fruit of the Loom.   Williamston, the county seat, is the largest town with a population of 7,000. Martin County is comprised of interesting communities like Bear Grass, Goose Neck, Poplar Point, Farm Life and Spring Green, each with its own special identity.   Eastern North Carolina is rich in its historic heritage. Located in the heart of the historic Albemarle Region, Martin County was once part of the lands governed by the Lords Proprietors, eight British lords who helped King Charles II regain his throne in 1663. Several communities in the county including Historic Hamilton, downtown Williamston, Farm Life Community and downtown Robersonville are on the National Historic Register. Numerous other sites and districts in Martin County have been selected for the National Historic Register."	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: business services community health systems, inc., a publicly owned company since june 9th, 2000, is currently seeking a talented director of obstetrics at martin general health system in williamston, nc who desires a position with a growth-oriented, national healthcare system. chs offers great opportunities for advancement with in its nationwide system of 53 hospitals in 20 states. come join the team!   this position requires 2 to 3 years supervisory experience in an acute care setting.  facility: martin general health system  description: martin general health system is a 49-bed jcaho fully accredited acute care facility located in williamston, north carolina. the hospital offers a full range of inpatient and outpatient services including: intensive care facility, rural health clinics, a 24-hour emergency department, obstetrics/gynecology, midwifery services, pediatrics, family practice, laboratory, radiology department, pharmacy, cardiopulmonary services, complete surgery facilities, telemedicine and physical and occupational therapy.  community: martin county is located in the northeast coastal plain of north carolina, adjacent to north carolina's outer banks and atlantic ocean. more than twenty creeks and streams slowly meander through the countryside emptying into the roanoke river, eventually reaching the albemarle sound. greenville, home of east carolina university and east carolina school of medicine, is an easy twenty-five mile drive to the southwest.   martin county is mainly agrarian and has a population of 25,000. although rural in nature, martin county has significant industry, which has grown at a healthy rate. many out-of-state corporations have made sizable investments in our county. some of these include weyerhaeuser, guy's snack foods, perdue farms, inc., aiamar knit fabrics, inc., liberty fabrics, white packing and fruit of the loom.   williamston, the county seat, is the largest town with a population of 7,000. martin county is comprised of interesting communities like bear grass, goose neck, poplar point, farm life and spring green, each with its own special identity.   eastern north carolina is rich in its historic heritage. located in the heart of the historic albemarle region, martin county was once part of the lands governed by the lords proprietors, eight british lords who helped king charles ii regain his throne in 1663. several communities in the county including historic hamilton, downtown williamston, farm life community and downtown robersonville are on the national historic register. numerous other sites and districts in martin county have been selected for the national historic register.]	[11, 29]	[29]	29.140	Clinical Director	0.5078351	1	0	"Clinical Director OR Medical Director OR ""Director of OB"""
v2	Director-Risk Management	"Profession: Executive Specialties: Director Experienced professional to lead the Risk Management Department.  Candidate should have 3-5 years of significiant healthcare or insurance related Risk Management experience, including claims review and settlement.  Bachelors degree is required with a Master's or Legal Degree desirable.  Facility: Southern Regional Medical Center  Description: Southern Regional Medical Center--a 410-bed, acute care, JCAHO-accredited hospital--is a premier provider of healthcare services for residents of the Southern Crescent. The Medical Center provides a continuum of services, from inpatient and critical care to rehabilitation and home health.  Community: Clayton County, Georgia, USA is a suburban community located just south of Atlanta's central business district. Home to Hartsfield Atlanta International Airport, the mythical Tara of Margaret Mitchell's Civil War romance, Gone With The Wind and the 1996  Olympic Volleyball venue."	[profession: executive specialties: director experienced professional to lead the risk management department.  candidate should have 3-5 years of significiant healthcare, insurance related risk management experience, including claims review and settlement.  bachelors degree is required with a master's, legal degree desirable.  facility: southern regional medical center  description: southern regional medical center--a 410-bed, acute care, jcaho-accredited hospital--is a premier provider of healthcare services for residents of the southern crescent. the medical center provides a continuum of services, from inpatient and critical care to rehabilitation and home health.  community: clayton county, georgia, usa is a suburban community located just south of atlanta's central business district. home to hartsfield atlanta international airport, the mythical tara of margaret mitchell's civil war romance, gone with the wind and the 1996  olympic volleyball venue.]	[11]	[11]	11.314	Director of Risk Management	0.9940053	1	0	Director of Risk Management
v2	"Director, Business Health Services - Occupational"	"Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Business Services We are excited to announce new job oportunities at Bon Secours St. Francis Health System in Greenville, SC. for qualified aplicants. Bachelors degree in Business, Marketing, Nursing or related field. Masters degree preferred. Two plus years experience in management/supervisory position in a health oriented and/or rehab, occupational health facility. Knowledge of occupational health work injury management and rehabilitation workers compensation, Sales and marketing, health promotion and wellness and substance abuse testing. Excellent written and verbal communication sills. Computer skills required."	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: business services we are excited to announce new job oportunities at bon secours st. francis health system in greenville, sc. for qualified aplicants. bachelors degree in business, marketing, nursing, related field. masters degree preferred. two plus years experience in management/supervisory position in a health oriented and/or rehab, occupational health facility. knowledge of occupational health work injury management and rehabilitation workers compensation, sales and marketing, health promotion and wellness and substance abuse testing. excellent written and verbal communication sills. computer skills required.]	[11, 29]	[11]	11.54	Health Services Director	1.0	1	0	Health Services Director
v2	"Director of Nursing,(7th Floor) - 7th Floor"	"Profession: Executive Specialties: Director We are excited to announce new job oportunities at Bon Secours St. Francis Health System in Greenville, SC. for qualified aplicants. Graduate of accredited school of nursing; current RN license with SC board. Minimum 3 years nursing experience with demonstration of leadership qualities. BSN and management experience preferred."	[profession: executive specialties: director we are excited to announce new job oportunities at bon secours st. francis health system in greenville, sc. for qualified aplicants. graduate of accredited school of nursing; current rn license with sc board. minimum 3 years nursing experience with demonstration of leadership qualities. bsn and management experience preferred.]	[29, 11]	[11]	11.15	Director of Nursing	1.0	1	0	Director of Nursing
v2	Asst Financial Manager	"Mid size P&C Insurance company seeks an Asst Fin'l Mgr to report to the VP of Finance & Operations. Will manage the Accts Receivable dept; assist in the budgeting, forecasting and analyses; support the VP in various special projects and industry related analyses.  Strong analytical and computer skills required.  Excellent visability to senior management."	[mid size p&c insurance company seeks an asst fin'l mgr to report to the vp of finance & operations. will manage the accts receivable dept; assist in the budgeting, forecasting and analyses; support the vp in various special projects and industry related analyses.  strong analytical and computer skills required.  excellent visability to senior management.]	[11, 13]	[11]	11.148	Patient Services Manager	0.37933877	1	0	Financial Services Manager OR Finance Manager
v2	Product Manager	"Please refer to CA912 when responding...Thanks! Product Manager needed for Orange County development division of worldwide Software Development leader. This person is responsible for managing product requirements and market position for automated documentation tools for Windows and UNIX environments. Includes timely delivery of whole-products that meet the highest priority needs of the market, and support the revenue objectives of the business. Specific Responsibilities include: define and analyze market requirements; create and maintain requirement document. Ensure timely delivery of products in cooperation with product development team. Define and ensure delivery of ""whole product"" releases, which include: collateral, packaging, competitive analysis, key positioning and benefits messages, customer training materials, sales training and tools for all channels."	[please refer to ca912 when responding...thanks! product manager needed for orange county development division of worldwide software development leader. this person is responsible for managing product requirements and market position for automated documentation tools for windows and unix environments. includes timely delivery of whole-products that meet the highest priority needs of the market, and support the revenue objectives of the business. specific responsibilities include: define and analyze market requirements; create and maintain requirement document. ensure timely delivery of products in cooperation with product development team. define and ensure delivery of whole product releases, which include: collateral, packaging, competitive analysis, key positioning and benefits messages, customer training materials, sales training and tools for all channels.]	[11, 15]	[11]	11.6	Product Manager	1.0	1	1	Product Manager
v2	Channel Sales Manager	"Wholesale Account Acquisition and Management for IXC, CLEC, ISP prospects/customers.  Recruit, train, motivate & manage independent distributors & Agents to sell company's voice and data services. Act as liasion between agents and company in regard to pre-sales assistance, turnup, provisioning & customer service."	[wholesale account acquisition and management for ixc, clec, isp prospects/customers.  recruit, train, motivate & manage independent distributors & agents to sell company's voice and data services. act as liasion between agents and company in regard to pre-sales assistance, turnup, provisioning & customer service.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	0.5	1	0	Channel Manager
v2	Marketing Manager	"Marketing Manager (2positions)  Process Sector- Papers/Metals                 Process Sector- Oil and gas Position Description: The Industry Marketing Manager is responsible for directing the marketing functions for the Process Sector vertical: (Mill Products, including Paper or Metals industry) or (Oil and Gas).  Working for the Director of Industry Marketing, the Industry Marketing Manager develops and executes industry-specific components of the marketing and business plans. The Industry Marketing Manager should utilize the resources of the company's marketing shared services in the execution of the plan.   You will direct the marketing function for Process Vertical Sector.   Report to the Director of Industry Marketing as you take complete responsibility for development and execution of industry specific components of the marketing and business plans. You will have access to one of the world's most sophisticated shared services groups for support and execution of the plan. You will use your ability to think strategically while acting as a consultant to your sales force. Your demonstrated leadership will show your ability to lead as well as interact with all levels of customers and prospective customer organizations. You will have a strong customer service orientation. Knowledge through exposure to various software systems is mandatory."	[marketing manager (2positions)  process sector- papers/metals                 process sector- oil and gas position description: the industry marketing manager is responsible for directing the marketing functions for the process sector vertical: (mill products, including paper, metals industry), (oil and gas).  working for the director of industry marketing, the industry marketing manager develops and executes industry-specific components of the marketing and business plans. the industry marketing manager should utilize the resources of the company's marketing shared services in the execution of the plan.   you will direct the marketing function for process vertical sector.   report to the director of industry marketing as you take complete responsibility for development and execution of industry specific components of the marketing and business plans. you will have access to one of the world's most sophisticated shared services groups for support and execution of the plan. you will use your ability to think strategically while acting as a consultant to your sales force. your demonstrated leadership will show your ability to lead as well as interact with all levels of customers and prospective customer organizations. you will have a strong customer service orientation. knowledge through exposure to various software systems is mandatory.]	[11]	[11]	11.5	Marketing Manager	1.0	1	1	Marketing Manager
v2	Sr. Product Marketing Manager	"This leading edge, high tech, enterprise software client offers an exciting career opportunity to an experienced marketing professional. Their innovative UNIX and NT enterprise software solutions have taken the market by storm and have made this publicly held client one of the fastest growing companies in the nation with sales topping $120 million. You will manage and develop marketing strategies for product launch and product life cycle. Drive cross-functional teams to determine and implement business plans across product lines. Interact with clients, develop and write data sheets and white papers."	[this leading edge, high tech, enterprise software client offers an exciting career opportunity to an experienced marketing professional. their innovative unix and nt enterprise software solutions have taken the market by storm and have made this publicly held client one of the fastest growing companies in the nation with sales topping $120 million. you will manage and develop marketing strategies for product launch and product life cycle. drive cross-functional teams to determine and implement business plans across product lines. interact with clients, develop and write data sheets and white papers.]	[11, 19]	[11]	11.6	Product Manager	0.5	1	0	Marketing Manager
v2	DIRECTOR PRODUCT DEVELOPMENT	"Description: Manage the department store and chain account distribution channels for branded and licensed products marketing. Develop and implement strategies to grow branded and licenced business Create/implement seasonal or advertising based promotions, shop programs and special in-store and national promotional activities and events to support growth initiatives.  Initiate regular contact daily with all major accounts and develop new programs to further client/business relationships.  Interface with merchandising, design and marketing.  Supervise 2 Product Managers."	[description: manage the department store and chain account distribution channels for branded and licensed products marketing. develop and implement strategies to grow branded and licenced business create/implement seasonal, advertising based promotions, shop programs and special in-store and national promotional activities and events to support growth initiatives.  initiate regular contact daily with all major accounts and develop new programs to further client/business relationships.  interface with merchandising, design and marketing.  supervise 2 product managers.]	[11]	[11]	11.34	Director of Product Development	1.0	1	0	Director of Product Development
v2	District Sales Manager	"This individual will be responsible for sales of Crane Pro Services service products. This proven sales professional will direct and support the sales staff throughout the Western District of the Southwest Region (TX, OK, CO, NM, MEX, KS).  This dynamic individual will be responsible for maintaining sales goals, organizing the target marketing programs and assisting the sales force as needed.  This person will report to the regional manager and is based in Houston TX."	[this individual will be responsible for sales of crane pro services service products. this proven sales professional will direct and support the sales staff throughout the western district of the southwest region (tx, ok, co, nm, mex, ks).  this dynamic individual will be responsible for maintaining sales goals, organizing the target marketing programs and assisting the sales force as needed.  this person will report to the regional manager and is based in houston tx.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	0.5	1	0	District Manager
v2	CPA Firm Managers (& Staff & Seniors)	"RETAINED SEARCH!  Dynamic, fast growing regional CPA firm with offices in West L. A., the Inland Empire, and Orange County seeks both an Audit Manager and a Tax Manager in their West L. A. office. Positions for Staff and Seniors are also available in all three offices.  This firm, which has been growing at over 30% annually, offers a very entrepreneurial and consulting oriented environment. Their diverse client mix includes both SEC and closely held companies in high tech, service industries, manufacturing, real estate and construction, non profit, entertainment, and financial services.  The Audit Manager's role includes managing / running full opinion audits, reviews, compilations, financial reporting, and a variety of consulting and staff development projects.  The Tax Manager will perform complex research and reviews, as well as directing staff in managing tax compliance for a diverse group of corporate, partnership, and high net worth individual clients.  These exceptional management career opportunities require a BS in Accounting and a CPA license. Staff and Senior level candidates should be working on their certification. Ideal experience could have been obtained in either a Big-5 or large local CPA firm; or Corporate tax and/or audit and/or finance with recent CPA firm experience.  This firm is very consulting oriented and has been acknowledged as one of the top CPA firms to work for in the U. S. They offer an exceptional compensation package featuring high base salaries, several bonus plans, profit sharing, and relocation assistance, combined with considerably less politics and overtime typically found in a Big-5 environment. Excellent potential for fast track promotions to Partner."	[retained search!  dynamic, fast growing regional cpa firm with offices in west l. a., the inland empire, and orange county seeks both an audit manager and a tax manager in their west l. a. office. positions for staff and seniors are also available in all three offices.  this firm, which has been growing at over 30% annually, offers a very entrepreneurial and consulting oriented environment. their diverse client mix includes both sec and closely held companies in high tech, service industries, manufacturing, real estate and construction, non profit, entertainment, and financial services.  the audit manager's role includes managing / running full opinion audits, reviews, compilations, financial reporting, and a variety of consulting and staff development projects.  the tax manager will perform complex research and reviews, as well as directing staff in managing tax compliance for a diverse group of corporate, partnership, and high net worth individual clients.  these exceptional management career opportunities require a bs in accounting and a cpa license. staff and senior level candidates should be working on their certification. ideal experience could have been obtained in either a big-5, large local cpa firm;, corporate tax and/or audit and/or finance with recent cpa firm experience.  this firm is very consulting oriented and has been acknowledged as one of the top cpa firms to work for in the u. s. they offer an exceptional compensation package featuring high base salaries, several bonus plans, profit sharing, and relocation assistance, combined with considerably less politics and overtime typically found in a big-5 environment. excellent potential for fast track promotions to partner.]	[11, 13]	[11]	11.40	Audit Manager	0.50735664	1	0	Audit Manager OR Tax Manager
v2	Sr Product Marketer- Enterprise Software	"An early stage Silicon Valley startup with significant upside potential, creating an enterprise-class system for managing customer relationships via electronic mail. Get in early to make strategic decisions. The company offers Medical, Dental, and 4O1K plan will be added soon.  Senior Product Marketing Position  Will be responsible for facilitating customer feedback into the product development process.  Also responsible for product positioning, pricing, life cycle development, technology cut-ins, and customer communications strategy for The Company's platform.  Position Responsibilities  The successful candidate will be responsible for leading the strategic and tactical efforts around a server software product--the specification, evangelism, sales support, pricing, forecasting and roadmap.  Must be able to lead product and business teams and leverage industry partners, analysts etc.  Must be able to work with customers, channel partners and sales to ensure product success.  Must be able to develop and articulate product positioning, key messages and value propositions.  Lead and define product strategy, market requirements, features etc. Participate in pricing, packaging, and channel decisions.  Manage product launch, roll-out, and business issues associated with the product."	[an early stage silicon valley startup with significant upside potential, creating an enterprise-class system for managing customer relationships via electronic mail. get in early to make strategic decisions. the company offers medical, dental, and 4o1k plan will be added soon.  senior product marketing position  will be responsible for facilitating customer feedback into the product development process.  also responsible for product positioning, pricing, life cycle development, technology cut-ins, and customer communications strategy for the company's platform.  position responsibilities  the successful candidate will be responsible for leading the strategic and tactical efforts around a server software product--the specification, evangelism, sales support, pricing, forecasting and roadmap.  must be able to lead product and business teams and leverage industry partners, analysts etc.  must be able to work with customers, channel partners and sales to ensure product success.  must be able to develop and articulate product positioning, key messages and value propositions.  lead and define product strategy, market requirements, features etc. participate in pricing, packaging, and channel decisions.  manage product launch, roll-out, and business issues associated with the product.]	[11, 15]	[11]	11.6	Product Manager	0.7739424	1	0	Product Manager
v2	DISTRICT MANAGER	"Leading international retailer of family ( women's, men's & kid's ) apparel approaching $1 billion in annual sales seeks EXPERIENCED District Manager for 15-18 stores. Strong leadership skills required. Client seeks a proven profit builder who can drive sales and enforce strict store appearance and shrinkage standards.  Will be promotable to Regional Manager."	[leading international retailer of family ( women's, men's & kid's ) apparel approaching $1 billion in annual sales seeks experienced district manager for 15-18 stores. strong leadership skills required. client seeks a proven profit builder who can drive sales and enforce strict store appearance and shrinkage standards.  will be promotable to regional manager.]	[11]	[11]	11.10	District Manager	1.0	1	1	District Manager
v2	Service / Restaurant Managers	"The fastest growing and financially sound full-service restaurant company in New England today.  Privately held, with over 127 restaurants of two nationally successful concepts and a third of their very own, this New England based company, plans to develop a total of 10 restaurants in 2000 within the 6 New England states and Westchester County NY.  An authentic Mexican restaurant concept specializing in the genuine cuisine of the Mexican Vaquero features fajitas and margaritas.  First opened in Dallas, Texas in 1982 by three entrepreneurs and because of its phenomenal success was purchased by Brinker International in 1994.  There are currently 86 across the US,  twenty more units will dot New England."	[the fastest growing and financially sound full-service restaurant company in new england today.  privately held, with over 127 restaurants of two nationally successful concepts and a third of their very own, this new england based company, plans to develop a total of 10 restaurants in 2000 within the 6 new england states and westchester county ny.  an authentic mexican restaurant concept specializing in the genuine cuisine of the mexican vaquero features fajitas and margaritas.  first opened in dallas, texas in 1982 by three entrepreneurs and because of its phenomenal success was purchased by brinker international in 1994.  there are currently 86 across the us,  twenty more units will dot new england.]	[11, 35]	[35]	35.0	Restaurant Manager	0.5	1	0	Restaurant Manager
v2	Design Build Project Manager - Field Operations	"Excellent opportunity with ENR Design Build top 100 Construction Management firm that prides itself on high performance close-knit teams utilizing principle-based leadership and relying on each team member's good judgement and professionalism has ongoing need for talented high performance people.  Coordinating interface with client and total responsibility for project execution of Distribution Centers, Manufacturing Centers and Professional Office Facilities utilizing Butler Building Systems including but not limited to:  Review construction documents during preconstruction phase & prepare bid package with Project Manager - Preconstruction  Develop sub/supplier schedule of values and breakdown of work - quantity survey.  Analyze bids received with Project Manager - Preconstruction & assist preparation of subcontractor/supplier contracts.  Supervise all project construction in the field.  Creates, reviews and edits master project schedule prepared by preconstruction."	[excellent opportunity with enr design build top 100 construction management firm that prides itself on high performance close-knit teams utilizing principle-based leadership and relying on each team member's good judgement and professionalism has ongoing need for talented high performance people.  coordinating interface with client and total responsibility for project execution of distribution centers, manufacturing centers and professional office facilities utilizing butler building systems including but not limited to:  review construction documents during preconstruction phase & prepare bid package with project manager - preconstruction  develop sub/supplier schedule of values and breakdown of work - quantity survey.  analyze bids received with project manager - preconstruction & assist preparation of subcontractor/supplier contracts.  supervise all project construction in the field.  creates, reviews and edits master project schedule prepared by preconstruction.]	[11, 47]	[47]	47.156	Assistant Construction Project Manager	0.7128047	1	0	Project Manager
v2	DISTRICT MANAGER	"Leading international retailer of ( multi divisional ) family women's junior, fashion forward and better fashion apparel approaching $1 billion in annual sales seeks EXPERIENCED District Manager for 15 stores. Strong leadership skills required. Client seeks a proven profit builder who can drive sales and enforce strict store appearance and shrinkage standards.  Will be promotable to Regional Manager."	[leading international retailer of ( multi divisional ) family women's junior, fashion forward and better fashion apparel approaching $1 billion in annual sales seeks experienced district manager for 15 stores. strong leadership skills required. client seeks a proven profit builder who can drive sales and enforce strict store appearance and shrinkage standards.  will be promotable to regional manager.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.10	District Manager	1.0	1	1	District Manager
v2	STORE MANAGER	Leading Italian designer seeks experienced individual to manage Flagship Madison Avenue store. Previous experience in A Barney's or Calvin Klein type environment would be helpful.  Reports to V.P. U.S. operations.  Responsible for all operations and merchandising.  Will travel several times per year to Italy.	[leading italian designer seeks experienced individual to manage flagship madison avenue store. previous experience in a barney's, calvin klein type environment would be helpful.  reports to v.p. u.s. operations.  responsible for all operations and merchandising.  will travel several times per year to italy.]	[11, 41]	[41]	41.67	Sales Manager	0.47580627	1	0	Store Manager
v2	Marketing Manager/ Communications Mgr.	"Well-financed early-stage internet company is launching a business-to-business E-commerce site.  The site will provide market-making and transaction services for large companies seeking to sell certain assets.  Looking for two (2) talented marketing professionals to join the team and help move the business from launch phase through an IPO.  1)  Marketing Communications Manager:  Develop and execute all marketing and sales communications, including print advertising, internet advertising, direct response communications (direct mail, e-mail, telemarketing scripts), sales brochures and collateral materials, and newsletters.   Responsible for copy development, creative development, production supervision, media selection, and program execution.  2)  Marketing Manager:  Develop and execute programs in the following areas: (i) trade shows and industry conferences; (ii) promotional programs and customer incentives; (iii) public relations; (iv) alliance development and joint marketing programs.   Responsible for program development and implementation.   Both positions report to the Director of Marketing & Business Development.  Company office is located approximately 20 miles north of New York City in Westchester County."	[well-financed early-stage internet company is launching a business-to-business e-commerce site.  the site will provide market-making and transaction services for large companies seeking to sell certain assets.  looking for two (2) talented marketing professionals to join the team and help move the business from launch phase through an ipo.  1)  marketing communications manager:  develop and execute all marketing and sales communications, including print advertising, internet advertising, direct response communications (direct mail, e-mail, telemarketing scripts), sales brochures and collateral materials, and newsletters.   responsible for copy development, creative development, production supervision, media selection, and program execution.  2)  marketing manager:  develop and execute programs in the following areas: (i) trade shows and industry conferences; (ii) promotional programs and customer incentives; (iii) public relations; (iv) alliance development and joint marketing programs.   responsible for program development and implementation.   both positions report to the director of marketing & business development.  company office is located approximately 20 miles north of new york city in westchester county.]	[11, 27]	[11]	11.5	Marketing Manager	0.6620734	1	0	Marketing Manager
v2	General Manager	"Fastest growing, multi - concept (4), privately held, full - service New England based restaurant company seeks General Managers, Assistant General Managers and Kitchen Managers for IL as they continue to grow from their present 120 restaurants. This performance based company has developed a reputation for crisp and consistent operations. Restaurant professionals who are leaders, decision makers with an entrepreneurial spirit would enjoy this challenge. In addition to the support of this $250mm company, managers will receive continuous fresh training opportunities, long term growth plans, a strong financial reward program, very competitive based salaries, monthly bonuses based off bottom - line profits, managing partner program, comprehensive benefits package, all with an emphasis on quality of life."	[fastest growing, multi - concept (4), privately held, full - service new england based restaurant company seeks general managers, assistant general managers and kitchen managers for il as they continue to grow from their present 120 restaurants. this performance based company has developed a reputation for crisp and consistent operations. restaurant professionals who are leaders, decision makers with an entrepreneurial spirit would enjoy this challenge. in addition to the support of this $250mm company, managers will receive continuous fresh training opportunities, long term growth plans, a strong financial reward program, very competitive based salaries, monthly bonuses based off bottom - line profits, managing partner program, comprehensive benefits package, all with an emphasis on quality of life.]	[11]	[11]	11.2	General Manager	1.0	1	1	General Manager
v2	Assistant Direct Marketing Manager	"Major consumer corporation located in the Montvale NJ area seeks Assistant Marketing Manager in the Direct Marketing Department.  Will be responsible for coordinating all aspects of direct marketing programs including pricing, approval of copy and print production.  Maintain response rate, redemption and list analysis on direct mail packages, promotional offers and telemarketing campaigns.  Place print requests with print buyers and monitor delivery printed materials.  Assist with budget."	[major consumer corporation located in the montvale nj area seeks assistant marketing manager in the direct marketing department.  will be responsible for coordinating all aspects of direct marketing programs including pricing, approval of copy and print production.  maintain response rate, redemption and list analysis on direct mail packages, promotional offers and telemarketing campaigns.  place print requests with print buyers and monitor delivery printed materials.  assist with budget.]	[11, 13, 41]	[11]	11.5	Marketing Manager	1.0	1	0	Marketing Manager
v2	Regional Sales Manager	"If you want to work in medical sales then Vital Signs is the place! Vital Signs has earned the number one market share in 9 of its top 12 products, and number two market share in the remaining 3  Medical Sales Manager  Vital Signs, Inc. is seeking a Regional Sales Manager for its Central Region.  Candidates must have a minimum of 5 years' regional manager sales experience  in medical sales, a Bachelor's degree and a proven record of success  Candidates should reside in the Chicago area."	[if you want to work in medical sales then vital signs is the place! vital signs has earned the number one market share in 9 of its top 12 products, and number two market share in the remaining 3  medical sales manager  vital signs, inc. is seeking a regional sales manager for its central region.  candidates must have a minimum of 5 years' regional manager sales experience  in medical sales, a bachelor's degree and a proven record of success  candidates should reside in the chicago area.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	1.0	1	0	Sales Manager
v2	VP Operations	"Picture yourself leading this profitable software company through continual acquisitions, new product development.  Be a contributing member of the senior management team. Strategic planning, mentoring, and leadership.  50-60 FTES, day to day operations, budget responsibility"	[picture yourself leading this profitable software company through continual acquisitions, new product development.  be a contributing member of the senior management team. strategic planning, mentoring, and leadership.  50-60 ftes, day to day operations, budget responsibility]	[11]	[11]	11.177	Vice President (VP) of Operations	1.0	1	0	Vice President(VP) of Operations
v2	MARKETING DIRECTOR	"Dynamic international manufacturer and distributor of active apparel & accessories seeks Director for newly created position.  Description: Manage the department store, specialty store and chain account distribution channels for licensed products marketing. Develop and implement strategies to grow branded and licenced businesses. Create/implement seasonal or advertising based promotions, shop programs and special in-store and national promotional activities and events to support growth initiatives.  Initiate regular contact daily with all major accounts and develop new programs to further client/business relationships. Interface with design, production, merchandising, marketng and product               development. Will provide product direction to retailers and media and oversee all brand management and special events.  Annual performance bonus up to $10,000.  Company plans I.P.O. in late 1999."	[dynamic international manufacturer and distributor of active apparel & accessories seeks director for newly created position.  description: manage the department store, specialty store and chain account distribution channels for licensed products marketing. develop and implement strategies to grow branded and licenced businesses. create/implement seasonal, advertising based promotions, shop programs and special in-store and national promotional activities and events to support growth initiatives.  initiate regular contact daily with all major accounts and develop new programs to further client/business relationships. interface with design, production, merchandising, marketng and product               development. will provide product direction to retailers and media and oversee all brand management and special events.  annual performance bonus up to $10,000.  company plans i.p.o. in late 1999.]	[11]	[27]	27.45	Director of Marketing	0.60485905	0	0	Marketing Director
v2	Regional Channel Sales Manager	"VARsolutions(tm)  - a wholly owned unit of Integrated Communication Technologies Group, Inc. – is a leading source for Integrated Network Connections to the Computer and Interconnect Industries’ VAR (value added reseller) channel and looking to grow again.  We are a fast growing nationwide distributor of top CLEC (Competitive Local Exchange Carriers), IXC (LD Carriers) and Data Carriers.  We are currently looking for a Channel Sales Manager, to be based in our Remote Las Vegas Office and to work with our established local Sales Partners.  Indirect Sales Management and follow through with Interconnect and System Integration partners helping their sales people understand, analysis and close sales by bundling network connection with their core businesses.  Previous experience with indirect channel sales highly desired.  Responsible for developing sales plans and strategy, executing and tracking results and forecasting future productivity with each sales partner."	[varsolutions(tm)  - a wholly owned unit of integrated communication technologies group, inc. – is a leading source for integrated network connections to the computer and interconnect industries’ var (value added reseller) channel and looking to grow again.  we are a fast growing nationwide distributor of top clec (competitive local exchange carriers), ixc (ld carriers) and data carriers.  we are currently looking for a channel sales manager, to be based in our remote las vegas office and to work with our established local sales partners.  indirect sales management and follow through with interconnect and system integration partners helping their sales people understand, analysis and close sales by bundling network connection with their core businesses.  previous experience with indirect channel sales highly desired.  responsible for developing sales plans and strategy, executing and tracking results and forecasting future productivity with each sales partner.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	0.5	1	0	Channel Manager
v2	Regional Sales Manager	"In order to get a quicker response refer to # 1956-HH-SCM-c in the subject area of your email.  A very well publicized start-up company that has vritually NO competition is urgently searching for a person to come in and open a Regional office for ONE of 1999's HOTTEST Internet Software start-ups - it is to build sales volume in the territory - WIN champion accounts - call at a senior level within the following types of companies: Hosting, ISP, Content developers and E-Commerce clients - this has huge market potentail and ""FIRST TO MARKET"" advantage - financially backed - this IS an opportunity with a very rich equity plan for IPO possibility."	[in order to get a quicker response refer to # 1956-hh-scm-c in the subject area of your email.  a very well publicized start-up company that has vritually no competition is urgently searching for a person to come in and open a regional office for one of 1999's hottest internet software start-ups - it is to build sales volume in the territory - win champion accounts - call at a senior level within the following types of companies: hosting, isp, content developers and e-commerce clients - this has huge market potentail and first to market advantage - financially backed - this is an opportunity with a very rich equity plan for ipo possibility.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	1.0	1	0	Sales Manager
v2	Benefits and Compensation Manager	"At W. L. Gore & Associates, we are driven by the challenge of bringing new products to the marketplaces of the world.  Our diverse products--from Gore-Tex(R)  fabric to printed circuit board materials--were born of our commitment to technical innovation and our unique, non-hierarchical structure. It is one key to our success, and a reason Gore has repeatedly been named by Fortune magazine in the top twenty of ""The 100 Best Companies to Work for in America"".  We are currently seeking a Benefits and Compensation Manager to drive strategic benefits and compensation initiatives for the company on a U.S. wide basis. This will include:  coordinating and participating in competitive surveys; performing financial analysis; forecasting costs; managing vendor relationships; and negotiating with contractors.  You will also be responsible for driving the internal communication of our benefits programs."	[at w. l. gore & associates, we are driven by the challenge of bringing new products to the marketplaces of the world.  our diverse products--from gore-tex(r)  fabric to printed circuit board materials--were born of our commitment to technical innovation and our unique, non-hierarchical structure. it is one key to our success, and a reason gore has repeatedly been named by fortune magazine in the top twenty of the 100 best companies to work for in america.  we are currently seeking a benefits and compensation manager to drive strategic benefits and compensation initiatives for the company on a u.s. wide basis. this will include:  coordinating and participating in competitive surveys; performing financial analysis; forecasting costs; managing vendor relationships; and negotiating with contractors.  you will also be responsible for driving the internal communication of our benefits programs.]	[11]	[11]	11.127	Compensation Manager	0.44376642	1	0	Benefits Manager OR Compensation Manager
v2	Regional Manager - SC	"** Please read through the entire ad and review the website link before submitting your resume.  Only serious inquiries from qualified individuals will be considered. This is not MLM **  Position: Regional Manager - Protected Territory  The Company:  IGM is a new presence on the web; an enormously well funded internet project.  We have the capability to take the internet to its next logical level by combining traditional person-to-person marketing and sales with state-of-the-art computer and communications technology.  We have built a membership-based wholesale internet marketing mall, offering ""one stop wholesale shopping"" with goods and services such as computers, home goods, gifts, cars, food products, toys, clothing, novelties, financial services, satellite services, etc. In other words, everything you would find at a sprawling strip mall, plus thousands more features, all provided at great discounts to our members.   Responsibilities:  We are seeking a Regional Manager - a marketing entrepreneur with enough ""horsepower"" to recruit, develop train and maintain 25-50 strong local sales people within 6 months.  Territories are protected; an average of one manager for every 3.5 million people.  Training and support will be provided to help you with your efforts.   Compensation:  We do not offer a base salary; we offer an extremely rewarding production-based compensation plan, with a profitable internet company backed by over 500 million dollars in assets.  The manager's compensation package consists of a percentage of region's sales, including all memberships and product purchases, merchant store sign-ups, renewals on repeat business, and company equity upon our IPO.  Review the website link provided following this ad for additional compensation information. ."	[** please read through the entire ad and review the website link before submitting your resume.  only serious inquiries from qualified individuals will be considered. this is not mlm **  position: regional manager - protected territory  the company:  igm is a new presence on the web; an enormously well funded internet project.  we have the capability to take the internet to its next logical level by combining traditional person-to-person marketing and sales with state-of-the-art computer and communications technology.  we have built a membership-based wholesale internet marketing mall, offering one stop wholesale shopping with goods and services such as computers, home goods, gifts, cars, food products, toys, clothing, novelties, financial services, satellite services, etc. in other words, everything you would find at a sprawling strip mall, plus thousands more features, all provided at great discounts to our members.   responsibilities:  we are seeking a regional manager - a marketing entrepreneur with enough horsepower to recruit, develop train and maintain 25-50 strong local sales people within 6 months.  territories are protected; an average of one manager for every 3.5 million people.  training and support will be provided to help you with your efforts.   compensation:  we do not offer a base salary; we offer an extremely rewarding production-based compensation plan, with a profitable internet company backed by over 500 million dollars in assets.  the manager's compensation package consists of a percentage of region's sales, including all memberships and product purchases, merchant store sign-ups, renewals on repeat business, and company equity upon our ipo.  review the website link provided following this ad for additional compensation information. .]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.31376	Regional Service Manager	0.8104125	1	0	Regional Service Manager or Sales Manager
v2	Accountant	"Accountant: Salary 29-32K.  Bethesda, Md.  Association in Downtown Bethesda seeks accountant for temp to hire position.  Position requires performing general accounting functions including bank reconciliation’s and journal entries.  Will also work on accounting projects and do research.  Candidates must have an accounting degree and proficiency with Excel.   Contact Kathryn at kjessee@acsysinc.com or fax your resume to 301-581-9515.  KJTE01"	[accountant: salary 29-32k.  bethesda, md.  association in downtown bethesda seeks accountant for temp to hire position.  position requires performing general accounting functions including bank reconciliation’s and journal entries.  will also work on accounting projects and do research.  candidates must have an accounting degree and proficiency with excel.   contact kathryn at kjessee@acsysinc.com, fax your resume to 301-581-9515.  kjte01]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	1	Accountant
v2	Tax Consultants	"Tax Consultants: Salary commensurate upon experience.   Rockville, Md. We have Consulting projects available for tax professionals at all experience levels! We need people with experience in domestic and international corporate tax compliance, research, multi-state, sales & use, and individual and partnership tax. degree required.  CPA a plus;  for more info, send resume to bberk@acsysinc.com or fax to bberk at 301-581-9515.  Ref#BB1201"	[tax consultants: salary commensurate upon experience.   rockville, md. we have consulting projects available for tax professionals at all experience levels! we need people with experience in domestic and international corporate tax compliance, research, multi-state, sales & use, and individual and partnership tax. degree required.  cpa a plus;  for more info, send resume to bberk@acsysinc.com, fax to bberk at 301-581-9515.  ref#bb1201]	[13]	[13]	13.181	Tax Consultant	1.0	1	0	Tax Consultant
v2	Instructor/Trainer/VB	"Visual Basic Instructor / Trainer:  As an instructor you will be delivering classroom instruction of all course materials for the respective module, assisting class participants with the completion of exercises as well as designing, developing and updating instructional materials. You will be training and instructing in a lecture hall enviroment with approx. 30 students per class."	[visual basic instructor / trainer:  as an instructor you will be delivering classroom instruction of all course materials for the respective module, assisting class participants with the completion of exercises as well as designing, developing and updating instructional materials. you will be training and instructing in a lecture hall enviroment with approx. 30 students per class.]	[13, 25, 39]	[13]	13.35	Technical Trainer	0.42576414	1	0	Training Instructor OR Technical Trainer
v2	"Cost Analyst - Estimating, Pricing"	"Reference Code:  HH-9819 - AL  Duration:  6 + Months  Contract Per Diem Rate: $70.00 per calendar week Education:  Bs Degree in Related Field Citizenship:  U.S., Canadian or Green Card (Permanent Resident)   Preferred 3+ years experience in related field  Description:  Develops Material cost estimates, bill of materials, prices/constructs proposals and management decision data for programs, changes in Company products or processes and other management requirements for cost projections. Develops Material estimating tools, data and cost estimating relationships."	[reference code:  hh-9819 - al  duration:  6 + months  contract per diem rate: $70.00 per calendar week education:  bs degree in related field citizenship:  u.s., canadian, green card (permanent resident)   preferred 3+ years experience in related field  description:  develops material cost estimates, bill of materials, prices/constructs proposals and management decision data for programs, changes in company products, processes and other management requirements for cost projections. develops material estimating tools, data and cost estimating relationships.]	[13]	[13]	13.34	Cost Analyst	0.85627276	1	0	Cost Analyst
v2	Print and Direct Mail Media Buyer	"Primary Purpose: To handle all print and direct mail buying functions for the media department and agency. To work together with the media planners to organize, coordinate and execute all print and direct mail schedules. To represent the agency and the department as the primary resource for print and direct mail media by developing relationships and a clear understanding of the industry. Develop the resources, processes and systems necessary to function most effectively and efficiently in print and direct mail buying.  Responsibilities:  The Media Print and Direct Mail Buyer will:  1. In cooperation with the Media Planners and under the direction of the Media Director negotiate, place, and monitor/maintain client messages, programs, and promotions in print and direct mail media and ensure that all media placed is properly billed. Specifically this includes, but isn’t limited to the following:   *Magazine placement: Schedule magazine campaigns; analyze options; gather background information; confirm or negotiate rates with reps; negotiate promotions and positioning; design schedules; place buys and ensure proper billing.   *Newspaper placement: Research markets and papers; review, negotiate, and recommend rates and schedules; negotiate promotion/merchandising opportunities; design schedules; place buys and ensure proper billing.   *Direct Mail: Work with list brokers to gather list recommendations, quantity or count data; negotiate rates and timelines with broker; compile the information in schedule form; work with the vendors through the merge/purge process; revise schedules with updated quantities; provide instructions to all vendors; ensure proper placement and billing.   *Other: FSI’s, Card Decks, etc.  Provide recommendations or reviews of opportunities.  Gather cost and delivery information for the planners; work with the production department to ensure proper delivery of materials; negotiate, execute, and maintain all client schedules.  2.  Work with the production and traffic departments to ensure that the media schedule will be properly executed with the correct creative units, deadlines are met and proper materials will be forwarded.  3. Work with the Media Planners in the review of media response analysis so that media plans can be modified to increase effectiveness and account representatives can make decisions that more cost effectively achieve client objectives.  4. Develop and maintain programs to foster good relationships with media representatives.  5. Work with Client Services to develop and maintain public relations programs that create a positive and receptive context for clients' messages and offers.  6. Assess and maintain all buying processes and systems in order to function effectively and efficiently.  7. Stay on top of industry and market trends to provide expertise for the agency and clients."	[primary purpose: to handle all print and direct mail buying functions for the media department and agency. to work together with the media planners to organize, coordinate and execute all print and direct mail schedules. to represent the agency and the department as the primary resource for print and direct mail media by developing relationships and a clear understanding of the industry. develop the resources, processes and systems necessary to function most effectively and efficiently in print and direct mail buying.  responsibilities:  the media print and direct mail buyer will:  1. in cooperation with the media planners and under the direction of the media director negotiate, place, and monitor/maintain client messages, programs, and promotions in print and direct mail media and ensure that all media placed is properly billed. specifically this includes, but isn’t limited to the following:   *magazine placement: schedule magazine campaigns; analyze options; gather background information; confirm, negotiate rates with reps; negotiate promotions and positioning; design schedules; place buys and ensure proper billing.   *newspaper placement: research markets and papers; review, negotiate, and recommend rates and schedules; negotiate promotion/merchandising opportunities; design schedules; place buys and ensure proper billing.   *direct mail: work with list brokers to gather list recommendations, quantity, count data; negotiate rates and timelines with broker; compile the information in schedule form; work with the vendors through the merge/purge process; revise schedules with updated quantities; provide instructions to all vendors; ensure proper placement and billing.   *other: fsi’s, card decks, etc.  provide recommendations, reviews of opportunities.  gather cost and delivery information for the planners; work with the production department to ensure proper delivery of materials; negotiate, execute, and maintain all client schedules.  2.  work with the production and traffic departments to ensure that the media schedule will be properly executed with the correct creative units, deadlines are met and proper materials will be forwarded.  3. work with the media planners in the review of media response analysis so that media plans can be modified to increase effectiveness and account representatives can make decisions that more cost effectively achieve client objectives.  4. develop and maintain programs to foster good relationships with media representatives.  5. work with client services to develop and maintain public relations programs that create a positive and receptive context for clients' messages and offers.  6. assess and maintain all buying processes and systems in order to function effectively and efficiently.  7. stay on top of industry and market trends to provide expertise for the agency and clients.]	[13, 27, 11]	[13]	13.7	Senior Buyer	1.0	1	0	Senior Buyer
v2	Accounting Supervisor	"$500 million mfgr. near O'Hare (Not Northbrook) Under limited supervision maintain accounting records for the organizations unit by performing intermediate-level accounting functions requiring use of professional concepts.  Conduct business at all times with the highest standards of personal, professional and ethical conduct."	[$500 million mfgr. near o'hare (not northbrook) under limited supervision maintain accounting records for the organizations unit by performing intermediate-level accounting functions requiring use of professional concepts.  conduct business at all times with the highest standards of personal, professional and ethical conduct.]	[43, 13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	0	"Accountant OR Account Supervisor OR ""Accounting Supervisor"""
v2	Director of Internal Audit	"Major telecommunications firm seeks Director of Internal Audit to manage corporate-wide audit function.  Reports directly to the CFO.  Audit group provides independent assurance regarding the integrity of financial information and underlying controls.  Assesses effectiveness and efficiency of operations, providing analysis and insight into critical business issues facing the organization.  A critical success factor for the group is the development of business talent for the organization."	[major telecommunications firm seeks director of internal audit to manage corporate-wide audit function.  reports directly to the cfo.  audit group provides independent assurance regarding the integrity of financial information and underlying controls.  assesses effectiveness and efficiency of operations, providing analysis and insight into critical business issues facing the organization.  a critical success factor for the group is the development of business talent for the organization.]	[13, 11]	[13]	13.143	Auditor	1.0	1	0	Audit Director
v2	SR ACCOUNTANT	"Prepare balance sheets and profit/loss statements. Compile and analyze financial information, budget analysis, and perform some internal auditing. Handle A/P, A/R, payroll and G/L functions as well as bank reconciliations and month-end closings. Handle special projects as directed."	[prepare balance sheets and profit/loss statements. compile and analyze financial information, budget analysis, and perform some internal auditing. handle a/p, a/r, payroll and g/l functions as well as bank reconciliations and month-end closings. handle special projects as directed.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	0	Accountant
v2	Senior Accountant	"Coordinates preparation of the 10-Qs, 10-ks and other SEC filing documents, including all supporting documentation and drafting footnotes and narrative. Assist in preparation of quarterly Conference Call Notebook. Maintain records related to acquisitions. Responsible for benefits programs accounting. Prepare journal entries as assigned. Prepare monthly earnings per share calculation. Prepare internal management reports and analyses, including variance analyses. Prepare quarter and year-end PBCs for external auditors as assigned. Responsible for researching accounting issues and preparing ``white papers`` on recommended accounting treatments. Must have: Accounting/Finance degree and 3 to 4 years of related experience. Position is within the Entertainment Industry."	[coordinates preparation of the 10-qs, 10-ks and other sec filing documents, including all supporting documentation and drafting footnotes and narrative. assist in preparation of quarterly conference call notebook. maintain records related to acquisitions. responsible for benefits programs accounting. prepare journal entries as assigned. prepare monthly earnings per share calculation. prepare internal management reports and analyses, including variance analyses. prepare quarter and year-end pbcs for external auditors as assigned. responsible for researching accounting issues and preparing ``white papers`` on recommended accounting treatments. must have: accounting/finance degree and 3 to 4 years of related experience. position is within the entertainment industry.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	0	Accountant
v2	STAFF ACCOUNTANT	"LARGE FORTUNE 1000 COMPANY NEEDS STAFF ACCOUNTANT FOR LOCAL DIVISION. POSITION REQUIRES 1YEARS+ EXPERIENCE IN ACCOUNTING WITH FINANCIAL STATEMENT PREP,G/L,ACCOUNT RECONCILIATION,AND FIXED ASSETS. THE DIVISION IS GROWING AT A RATE OF 40% PER YEAR AND THE REASON THE POSITION IS OPEN IS DUE TO PROMOTION. THE COMPANY MAKES A VERY POPULAR AND ENJOYABLE CONSUMER PRODUCT - A HOUSEHOLD NAME.  PLEASE FAX YOUR RESUME TO MY ATTENTION ""KIRK MUELLER"" AT 310-792-1030 OR CALL ME AT 310-792-8200."	[large fortune 1000 company needs staff accountant for local division. position requires 1years+ experience in accounting with financial statement prep,g/l,account reconciliation,and fixed assets. the division is growing at a rate of 40% per year and the reason the position is open is due to promotion. the company makes a very popular and enjoyable consumer product - a household name.  please fax your resume to my attention kirk mueller at 310-792-1030, call me at 310-792-8200.]	[13]	[13]	13.30129	Staff Accountant	1.0	1	1	Staff Accountant
v2	SENIOR ACCOUNTANTS	"LARGE FORTUNE 1000 COMPANY NEEDS STAFF ACCOUNTANT FOR LOCAL DIVISION. POSITION REQUIRES 1YEARS+ EXPERIENCE IN ACCOUNTING WITH FINANCIAL STATEMENT PREP,G/L,ACCOUNT RECONCILIATION,AND FIXED ASSETS. THE DIVISION IS GROWING AT A RATE OF 40% PER YEAR AND THE REASON THE POSITION IS OPEN IS DUE TO PROMOTION. THE COMPANY MAKES A VERY POPULAR AND ENJOYABLE CONSUMER PRODUCT - A HOUSEHOLD NAME.  PLEASE FAX YOUR RESUME TO MY ATTENTION ""KIRK MUELLER"" AT 310-792-1030 OR CALL ME AT 310-792-8200."	[large fortune 1000 company needs staff accountant for local division. position requires 1years+ experience in accounting with financial statement prep,g/l,account reconciliation,and fixed assets. the division is growing at a rate of 40% per year and the reason the position is open is due to promotion. the company makes a very popular and enjoyable consumer product - a household name.  please fax your resume to my attention kirk mueller at 310-792-1030, call me at 310-792-8200.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	0	Accountant
v2	SENIOR COST ACCOUNTANT	"LARGE FORTUNE 1000 MANUFACTURING COMPANY NEEDS SR COST ACCOUNTANT FOR MFG DIVISION. POSITION REQUIRES 2 YEARS+ EXPERIENCE IN COST ACCOUNTING IN STANDARD COST ENVIRONMENT WITH MONTH END CLOSE, VARIANCE ANALYSIS,PPV ANALYSIS,AND STANDARD SETTING EXPERIENCE.  ALSO, PHYSICAL INVENTORY AND CYCLE COUNTING IS REQUIRED.THE COMPANY IS A CONSUMER PRODUCTS MANUFACTURER WITH A WORLD RENOWNED PRODUCT.  THE REASON THE POSITION IS OPEN IS DUE TO GROWTH.  PLEASE FAX YOUR RESUME TO MY ATTENTION ""KIRK MUELLER"" AT 310-792-1030 OR CALL ME AT 310-792-8200."	[large fortune 1000 manufacturing company needs sr cost accountant for mfg division. position requires 2 years+ experience in cost accounting in standard cost environment with month end close, variance analysis,ppv analysis,and standard setting experience.  also, physical inventory and cycle counting is required.the company is a consumer products manufacturer with a world renowned product.  the reason the position is open is due to growth.  please fax your resume to my attention kirk mueller at 310-792-1030, call me at 310-792-8200.]	[13]	[13]	13.30384	Cost Accountant	1.0	1	0	Cost Accountant
v2	"AUDITOR, SENIOR"	"LARGE FORTUNE 1000 COMPANY NEEDS (2)SENIOR AUDITOR. POSITION REQUIRES 2 YEARS+ EXPERIENCE IN FINANCIAL AND COMPLIANCE AUDITS. THE COMPANY IS A VERY LARGE ENERGY RELATED COMPANY IN LOS ANGELES. NO TRAVEL IS REQUIRED, BUT MAY BE REQUESTED.  THIS IS A VERY GREAT COMPANY TO WORK FOR AND MOST EMPLOYEE STAY FOR MANY YEARS.  PLEASE FAX YOUR RESUME TO MY ATTENTION ""KIRK MUELLER"" AT 310-792-1030 OR CALL ME AT 310-792-8200."	[large fortune 1000 company needs (2)senior auditor. position requires 2 years+ experience in financial and compliance audits. the company is a very large energy related company in los angeles. no travel is required, but may be requested.  this is a very great company to work for and most employee stay for many years.  please fax your resume to my attention kirk mueller at 310-792-1030, call me at 310-792-8200.]	[13]	[13]	13.143	Auditor	1.0	1	0	Auditor
v2	AVP/ Technology Auditor	Midsize brokerage firm seeks a candidate to evaluate controls over the Y2K compliance process; perform security reviews of the IT infrastructure. Perform pre- and post-implementation reviews of mission critical applications. Examine and evaluate the controls over the EMU conversion process and perform formal audits on key IT components. Liasion with the London Audit team to provide regional audit coverage.	[midsize brokerage firm seeks a candidate to evaluate controls over the y2k compliance process; perform security reviews of the it infrastructure. perform pre- and post-implementation reviews of mission critical applications. examine and evaluate the controls over the emu conversion process and perform formal audits on key it components. liasion with the london audit team to provide regional audit coverage.]	[13, 15]	[13]	13.143	Auditor	1.0	1	0	Auditor
v2	Senior Auditors	Excellent long term career opportunity.  Audit assignments include both domestic and international locations.  This career enhancing position provides exposure to many of the companies operations and is a training/developmental position leading to leadership positions within the company.	[excellent long term career opportunity.  audit assignments include both domestic and international locations.  this career enhancing position provides exposure to many of the companies operations and is a training/developmental position leading to leadership positions within the company.]	[13]	[13]	13.143	Auditor	1.0	1	0	Auditor
v2	Senior Accountant- Healthcare	"Major hospital seeks a Senior Accountant with 2-4 years of general accounting experience.  Will be involved with the monthly close, generating financial statements, revenue analysis, and accounts receivable analysis. Must be computer literate and know Excel or Lotus.  General Ledger is in SAP. Report to the Assistant Administrator for Finance.  Excellent learning experience. Must be a US Citizen or have a Green Card."	[major hospital seeks a senior accountant with 2-4 years of general accounting experience.  will be involved with the monthly close, generating financial statements, revenue analysis, and accounts receivable analysis. must be computer literate and know excel, lotus.  general ledger is in sap. report to the assistant administrator for finance.  excellent learning experience. must be a us citizen, have a green card.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	0	Accountant
v2	"ACCOUNTANT, PROJECT"	"THE POSITION REQUIRES REAL ESTATE ACCOUNTING EXPERIENCE INCLUDING SOME PROJECT COST ACCOUNTING.  THE POSITION WILL INCLUDE PREPARATION OF FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, GENERAL LEDGER ANALYSIS, AS WELL AS CONTRACT ANALYSIS.  EXPERIENCE WITH TIMBERLINE SOFTWARE IS PREFERRED, BUT NOT REQUIRED. THIS POSITION WILL PLAY A KEY ROLE IN ONE OF THE MOST PRESTIGOUS CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS IN THE COUNTRY. PLEASE FAX YOUR RESUME TO KIRK MUELLER AT 310-792-1030 OR CONTACT ME AT 310-792-8200."	[the position requires real estate accounting experience including some project cost accounting.  the position will include preparation of financial statements, general ledger analysis, as well as contract analysis.  experience with timberline software is preferred, but not required. this position will play a key role in one of the most prestigous construction projects in the country. please fax your resume to kirk mueller at 310-792-1030, contact me at 310-792-8200.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	0.8518799	1	0	Accountant
v2	Senior Tax Accountant	"Involment in all areas of corporate tax for this rapidly growing, diverse company."	[involment in all areas of corporate tax for this rapidly growing, diverse company.]	[13, 11]	[13]	13.30230	Tax Accountant	1.0	1	0	Tax Accountant
v2	Financial Analyst	"Bergen County firm seeks a financial analyst for their strategic planning & analysis group.  Will be heavily involved with competitive analysis, business unit profitability, business plans for proposed expansion into new business lines and strategic analysis of the company and the industry.  Heavy interface with senior management and division directors.  Good computer analysis and writing skills required."	[bergen county firm seeks a financial analyst for their strategic planning & analysis group.  will be heavily involved with competitive analysis, business unit profitability, business plans for proposed expansion into new business lines and strategic analysis of the company and the industry.  heavy interface with senior management and division directors.  good computer analysis and writing skills required.]	[13]	[13]	13.3	Financial Analyst	1.0	1	1	Financial Analyst
v2	Corporate Tax Staff/Sr.	"Exceptional variety of corporate tax issues:  compliance, research, multi-state, etc."	[exceptional variety of corporate tax issues:  compliance, research, multi-state, etc.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	0.5	1	0	Tax Staff
v2	International Tax Manager	"International public accounting firm is in need of an experienced International Tax professional.  Work with the best companies in San Antonio.  Unusually great benefits including gain sharing bonus, immediate 401k, relocation package and more. The company offers excellent training and opportunities for advancement."	[international public accounting firm is in need of an experienced international tax professional.  work with the best companies in san antonio.  unusually great benefits including gain sharing bonus, immediate 401k, relocation package and more. the company offers excellent training and opportunities for advancement.]	[11, 13]	[11]	11.58	Tax Manager	0.93099517	1	0	"""Tax Manager"""
v2	Accountant Auditor CPA Auditing Tax	"COME AND GROW WITH US!!!!!!!    Dixon Odom's Raleigh, Charlotte, Atlanta and Winston-Salem office is seeking 2 audit in-charges for their auto dealership group.  Must have an outgoing personality, communication skills, a strong commitment to client satisfaction and creative problem-solving skills.  If you are ready for a change and would enjoy working with a team of professionals then we want to talk with you.  The audit professionals travel to great places like San Francisco, Dallas, Houston, Denver, Portland, etc."	[come and grow with us!!!!!!!    dixon odom's raleigh, charlotte, atlanta and winston-salem office is seeking 2 audit in-charges for their auto dealership group.  must have an outgoing personality, communication skills, a strong commitment to client satisfaction and creative problem-solving skills.  if you are ready for a change and would enjoy working with a team of professionals then we want to talk with you.  the audit professionals travel to great places like san francisco, dallas, houston, denver, portland, etc.]	[13]	[13]	13.143	Auditor	0.633376	1	0	Auditor OR Accountant
v2	Cost   Accountant	"Create a cost schedule from the ground up.  Cost building from the ground up.  Pulls costing from the inventory.  Manufactured items and parts are involved.  Utilize engineering costing ability, concepts, and the reading of mechanical drawings.  Familiar with bills of material."	[create a cost schedule from the ground up.  cost building from the ground up.  pulls costing from the inventory.  manufactured items and parts are involved.  utilize engineering costing ability, concepts, and the reading of mechanical drawings.  familiar with bills of material.]	[13]	[13]	13.30384	Cost Accountant	1.0	1	0	Cost Accountant
v2	LOAN OFFICER	"NJ BANK SEEKS RESIDENTIAL MORTGAGE LENDING MANAGER. SUPERVISORY EXPERIENCE WITH PROCESSING, UNDERWRITING, CLOSING. KNOWLEGE OF ALL MORTGAGE LENDING INSTRUMENTS NEEDED. P&L, REENGINEERING, PIPELINE EXPERIENCE A PLUS."	[nj bank seeks residential mortgage lending manager. supervisory experience with processing, underwriting, closing. knowlege of all mortgage lending instruments needed. p&l, reengineering, pipeline experience a plus.]	[13]	[13]	13.8	Loan Officer	1.0	1	1	Loan Officer
v2	Management Consultant	" Work closely with an exceptionally capable and dedicated team of experts, who are focused on achieving aggressive growth towards a common vision. Gain new experiences every day, using leading edge methods and technologies that maximize the effectiveness and accuracy of solutions. Lead our clients to their ""Efficient Frontier"" by using model based optimization approaches to resolve key business issues.   UMT has offices in New York, London, and Tel Aviv, and provides a fun, flexible, and intellectually stimulating environment, encouraging individual growth."	[work closely with an exceptionally capable and dedicated team of experts, who are focused on achieving aggressive growth towards a common vision. gain new experiences every day, using leading edge methods and technologies that maximize the effectiveness and accuracy of solutions. lead our clients to their efficient frontier by using model based optimization approaches to resolve key business issues.   umt has offices in new york, london, and tel aviv, and provides a fun, flexible, and intellectually stimulating environment, encouraging individual growth.]	[13]	[13]	13.99	Consulting Manager	0.55489177	1	0	Management Consultant OR Consulting Manager
v2	SR. INTERNAL AUDITORS	"Growing international corporation in manufacturing industry has an immediate need for senior internal auditor.  These positions involve operational, and financial compliance auditing at Worldwide Facilities and involve 20-30% travel to Europe, Asia, and the United Kingdom.  Fantastic Opportunity for motivated individuals looking for long term career growth."	[growing international corporation in manufacturing industry has an immediate need for senior internal auditor.  these positions involve operational, and financial compliance auditing at worldwide facilities and involve 20-30% travel to europe, asia, and the united kingdom.  fantastic opportunity for motivated individuals looking for long term career growth.]	[13]	[13]	13.143	Auditor	0.90954113	1	0	Auditor
v2	JR. ACCOUNTANT	"Manufacturing facility seeks a Jr. Accountant to perform a variety of functions including general ledger, journal entries, account analysis, account reconciliation and bank reconciliation."	[manufacturing facility seeks a jr. accountant to perform a variety of functions including general ledger, journal entries, account analysis, account reconciliation and bank reconciliation.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	0	Accountant
v2	Buyer Planner	"At W. L. Gore & Associates, we're driven by the challenge of bringing new products to the marketplaces of the world.  Our diverse products--from Gore-Tex(R) fabric to printed circuit board materials--were born of our commitment to technical innovation and our unique, non-hierarchical structure. It's one key to our success, and a reason Gore has repeatedly been named by Fortune magazine in the top twenty of ""The 100 Best Companies to Work for in America"".  Expectations:  As part of our Electronic Products operations team, this individual will drive the production planning and inventory management of a specific product line.  Responsibilities include: coordinating all capacity planning activities with inside sales and manufacturing to facilitate optimum scheduling for the business;   ensuring all actions are being taken to guarantee on-time delivery of product; maintaining system integrity to ensure all internal customers are provided reliable, timely data; ensuring the timely delivery of all component inventory to meet finished goods requirements; analyzing opportunities to maximize the purchase of supplies so that good business decisions are made; working with the team to continuously improve the way we do business."	[at w. l. gore & associates, we're driven by the challenge of bringing new products to the marketplaces of the world.  our diverse products--from gore-tex(r) fabric to printed circuit board materials--were born of our commitment to technical innovation and our unique, non-hierarchical structure. it's one key to our success, and a reason gore has repeatedly been named by fortune magazine in the top twenty of the 100 best companies to work for in america.  expectations:  as part of our electronic products operations team, this individual will drive the production planning and inventory management of a specific product line.  responsibilities include: coordinating all capacity planning activities with inside sales and manufacturing to facilitate optimum scheduling for the business;   ensuring all actions are being taken to guarantee on-time delivery of product; maintaining system integrity to ensure all internal customers are provided reliable, timely data; ensuring the timely delivery of all component inventory to meet finished goods requirements; analyzing opportunities to maximize the purchase of supplies so that good business decisions are made; working with the team to continuously improve the way we do business.]	[13]	[13]	13.36	Buyer Planner	0.9924121	1	1	Buyer Planner
v2	Training Specialist	"Our client is one of the largest credit card issuers. The successful candidate will design, develop, and support technical training programs under the general supervision of the Training Manager.    Identifies technical/skills training needs by interacting with department managers to target areas needing improvement. Conducts needs analysis with trainees after program completion as appropriate.    Designs and produces job aids and training tools to simplify the training process.    Develops trainee performance measurements to ensure the training program is meeting the targeted needs.    Maintains and updates materials, training manuals, handouts etc.    Assists with special training projects as assigned. Projects may involve multi-function and/or multi-site training responsibilities."	[our client is one of the largest credit card issuers. the successful candidate will design, develop, and support technical training programs under the general supervision of the training manager.    identifies technical/skills training needs by interacting with department managers to target areas needing improvement. conducts needs analysis with trainees after program completion as appropriate.    designs and produces job aids and training tools to simplify the training process.    develops trainee performance measurements to ensure the training program is meeting the targeted needs.    maintains and updates materials, training manuals, handouts etc.    assists with special training projects as assigned. projects may involve multi-function and/or multi-site training responsibilities.]	[13, 25]	[13]	13.6	Training and Development Specialist	1.0	1	0	Training and Development Specialist
v2	Affiliate Business Accountant	"The purpose of this position is to provide complete and accurate accounting records for Cooperative Business Ventures, Inc., (CBV); to prepare financial statements, accounting and tax reports for CBV; to maintain custodianship of CBV accounting records."	[the purpose of this position is to provide complete and accurate accounting records for cooperative business ventures, inc., (cbv); to prepare financial statements, accounting and tax reports for cbv; to maintain custodianship of cbv accounting records.]	[13]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	0.8303049	1	0	Accountant
v2	Staff Accountant (Expense)	Responsibilities include:  Monthly bank reconciliations Monthly balance sheet account analysis Insurance management Month-end and quarter-end expense research Special projects	[responsibilities include:  monthly bank reconciliations monthly balance sheet account analysis insurance management month-end and quarter-end expense research special projects]	[13]	[13]	13.30129	Staff Accountant	1.0	1	0	Staff Accountant
v2	Senior Staff Accountant (Revenue)	Responsibilities include: Supporting and participating in generating financial statements Account analysis Analyzing revenue and cost of goods sold Explaining variances between budgeted and actual Special projects	[responsibilities include: supporting and participating in generating financial statements account analysis analyzing revenue and cost of goods sold explaining variances between budgeted and actual special projects]	[13]	[13]	13.30129	Staff Accountant	0.9221317	1	0	Staff Accoutant
v2	"Sr. Trainer/CABS, SAP"	"PRIMARY DUTIES:  1. To provide instructional design and consulting services to the Firm in the area of technology training. This includes the design and execution of instructor-led and computer based training programs. 2. To provide technical consulting and instructional design services related to technology training in the practice offices. This includes leading training projects for major system rollouts, as well as participating in the development of multimedia computer-based training systems, instructor-led training, and other training products as required. 3. Assists team management and practice office in scheduling and conducting training, and in selection and preparation of training sites. 4. Assist team management in developing strategies and detailed workplans for training, implementation, and communication. 5. Perform training needs analysis and determine methods of training delivery."	[primary duties:  1. to provide instructional design and consulting services to the firm in the area of technology training. this includes the design and execution of instructor-led and computer based training programs. 2. to provide technical consulting and instructional design services related to technology training in the practice offices. this includes leading training projects for major system rollouts, as well as participating in the development of multimedia computer-based training systems, instructor-led training, and other training products as required. 3. assists team management and practice office in scheduling and conducting training, and in selection and preparation of training sites. 4. assist team management in developing strategies and detailed workplans for training, implementation, and communication. 5. perform training needs analysis and determine methods of training delivery.]	[13]	[13]	13.35	Technical Trainer	0.68599874	1	0	Technical Trainer OR Technical Instructor OR Training and Development Specialist
v2	Staff Accountant	"                Staff Accountant - To $50K  NYC Headquarters of a Major National Service Company is seeking a solid Staff Accountant with 3-5 years of experience.  Experience in a lobor service environment is very helpful. Requires experience with P&L preparation, Budgets, Budget Analysis,  and Projections. Some experience with Financial statement preparation is necessary, as is knowledge of accruals."	[staff accountant - to $50k  nyc headquarters of a major national service company is seeking a solid staff accountant with 3-5 years of experience.  experience in a lobor service environment is very helpful. requires experience with p&l preparation, budgets, budget analysis,  and projections. some experience with financial statement preparation is necessary, as is knowledge of accruals.]	[13]	[13]	13.30129	Staff Accountant	1.0	1	1	Staff Accountant
v2	General Ledger/Special Projects Acct.	"Telecommunications company in the Dunwoody area seeking a conscientious, meticulous individual to to perform General Ledger and Special project accounting functions.  Person must have at least 2 years experience and have excellent spreadsheet skills.  Excellent Salary and Benefits.  Fax resume to David at 404-851-1421 or email to: employment@noblesys.com"	[telecommunications company in the dunwoody area seeking a conscientious, meticulous individual to to perform general ledger and special project accounting functions.  person must have at least 2 years experience and have excellent spreadsheet skills.  excellent salary and benefits.  fax resume to david at 404-851-1421, email to: employment@noblesys.com]	[13]	[13]	13.11242	General Ledger Accountant	1.0	1	0	General Ledger Accountant
v2	Senior Localization Engineer	"Our client is a premier translation, localization and conference interpreting services provider in the Washington, D.C. area.  Now entering its second decade of distinguished service, our client provides a full range of solutions for leading technology companies in technical documentation, software localization, Web and multimedia applications as well as conference interpreting services in over 100 languages.   We are searching for an experienced Senior Localization Engineer to work on localization and integration projects.  This expert will help to advise and help localize and migrate the diverse technologies in use by our customers to a global platform."	[our client is a premier translation, localization and conference interpreting services provider in the washington, d.c. area.  now entering its second decade of distinguished service, our client provides a full range of solutions for leading technology companies in technical documentation, software localization, web and multimedia applications as well as conference interpreting services in over 100 languages.   we are searching for an experienced senior localization engineer to work on localization and integration projects.  this expert will help to advise and help localize and migrate the diverse technologies in use by our customers to a global platform.]	[15]	[11]	11.1	Project Manager	0.64322966	0	0	"""Localization Engineer"""
v2	JAVA DEVELOPER	"The world’s largest privately held software company, has been connecting computers across corporate networks for over 15 years. Join us and use today’s hottest technologies to deliver mission critical data to the enterprise and the Internet. Research emerging technologies, prototype, design and develop Java software products. Design functional areas of a product or an entire product at a system level. Independently or within a team environment, design, document, code, unit-test and maintain functional areas. Manage quality reviews of development activities. Independently provide guidance, training, and coaching to the more junior members of the software engineering staff. Manage quality reviews of development activities. Produce prototypes for, and plan the development of, functional areas of new or enhanced products or entire products. Developing enterprise information access products by using Java as a development tool. This project is exciting because it is a brand new product."	[the world’s largest privately held software company, has been connecting computers across corporate networks for over 15 years. join us and use today’s hottest technologies to deliver mission critical data to the enterprise and the internet. research emerging technologies, prototype, design and develop java software products. design functional areas of a product, an entire product at a system level. independently, within a team environment, design, document, code, unit-test and maintain functional areas. manage quality reviews of development activities. independently provide guidance, training, and coaching to the more junior members of the software engineering staff. manage quality reviews of development activities. produce prototypes for, and plan the development of, functional areas of new, enhanced products, entire products. developing enterprise information access products by using java as a development tool. this project is exciting because it is a brand new product.]	[15]	[15]	15.2	Java Developer	1.0	1	1	Java Developer
v2	POWERBUILDER APPLICATION DEVELOPER	"HIGH GROWTH SERVICES COMPANY WITH 37 YRS OF CONSECTIVE EARNINGS GROWTH IS LOOKING FOR A PERSON WITH EXCELLNET COMMUNCATION SKILL AND THE ABILITY TO SEE THE ""BIG PICTURE"" IN DEVELOPING LARGE COMPLEX PROJECTS. THE CANIDATE WILL CONCENTRATE ON RESEARCHING AND SUPPORTING CLIENT SERVER TECHNOLOGIES. 80% DEVELOPMENT WORK. REPONSIBILITIES INCLUDE RESEARCHING AND INTEGRATING NEW TEHNOLOGIES INTO THE DEVELOPMENT EVNIROMENT. IN ADDITION TO RESEARCH THE CANIDATE WILL HAVE A OPERTUNITY TO DO PROTOTYPING, TRAINING, AND HANDS ON PROJECT MANAGEMENT. TECHNOLOGY USED IN THIS DEVELOPMENT TEAM IS: POWERBUILDER SYBASE C WEB TECHNOLOGIES AND MIDDLEWARE."	[high growth services company with 37 yrs of consective earnings growth is looking for a person with excellnet communcation skill and the ability to see the big picture in developing large complex projects. the canidate will concentrate on researching and supporting client server technologies. 80% development work. reponsibilities include researching and integrating new tehnologies into the development evniroment. in addition to research the canidate will have a opertunity to do prototyping, training, and hands on project management. technology used in this development team is: powerbuilder sybase c web technologies and middleware.]	[15]	[15]	15.13	SQL Developer	0.22853404	1	0	"Application Developer OR ""Powerbuilder Application Developer"""
v2	SYSTEM ANALYST	"Provide support and implement enhancements to the production business systems. Develop PC based query applications and business system subroutines and reports to support user's needs. Provide help desk support for business systems and backup support for network systems. Lead business system improvement projects. Provide hardware support for IBM mainframe and unix workstations, terminals, and printers."	[provide support and implement enhancements to the production business systems. develop pc based query applications and business system subroutines and reports to support user's needs. provide help desk support for business systems and backup support for network systems. lead business system improvement projects. provide hardware support for ibm mainframe and unix workstations, terminals, and printers.]	[15]	[15]	15.9	Systems Analyst	1.0	1	0	Systems Analyst
v2	Powerbuilder  Application Developer	"Provider of vertical market software servicing the printing industry in business since 1982.  Currently re-deploying application using PowerBuilder 5.3 (moving to 6.0 very soon) and Microsoft SQL Server.  A unique opportunity for a PowerBuilder developer to participate in  development of new products as well as conversion of existing applications.   The applications are management systems for manufacturing (materials management, shop floor, etc.) type environments. Need 3-5 years full cycle development experience, with a minimum of 2years experience in Powerbuilder (strong PFC a plus), strong Windows (NT) experience, strong SQL database experience (SQL Server, Oracle, etc.) strong analytical skills and exceptional communication and presentation skills.  This is a small but stable company with excellent growth opportunities and a very pleasant working environment."	[provider of vertical market software servicing the printing industry in business since 1982.  currently re-deploying application using powerbuilder 5.3 (moving to 6.0 very soon) and microsoft sql server.  a unique opportunity for a powerbuilder developer to participate in  development of new products as well as conversion of existing applications.   the applications are management systems for manufacturing (materials management, shop floor, etc.) type environments. need 3-5 years full cycle development experience, with a minimum of 2years experience in powerbuilder (strong pfc a plus), strong windows (nt) experience, strong sql database experience (sql server, oracle, etc.) strong analytical skills and exceptional communication and presentation skills.  this is a small but stable company with excellent growth opportunities and a very pleasant working environment.]	[15]	[15]	15.13	SQL Developer	0.22853404	1	0	"Application Developer OR ""Powerbuilder Application Developer"""
v2	Sr. Statistical Programmer	"Progressive branded pharmaceutical corporation is seeking an individual to design, write, validate, and document SAS programs to support Biostatisticians in the production of summary tables, graphs, data listings, and alaysis for inclusion in integrated statistical/clinical reports.  Will create, document and maintain SAS analysis datasets."	[progressive branded pharmaceutical corporation is seeking an individual to design, write, validate, and document sas programs to support biostatisticians in the production of summary tables, graphs, data listings, and alaysis for inclusion in integrated statistical/clinical reports.  will create, document and maintain sas analysis datasets.]	[15]	[15]	15.30858	Statistical Programmer	0.9046821	1	0	Statistical Programmer
v2	Database Administrator	"Perform data base administration tasks that primarily support data warehousing activities.  Duties include:  Multi-dimensional (OLAP) Server support, Sybase Server support, software installations/upgrades, backup/recovery, working with application developers and end users on database issues.   Company is the industry leader in the manufacturing and distribution of electrical control and distribution equipment.  Outstanding growth opportunity, very state-of-the-art IS, constantly looking for new ways to improve business via Information Technology."	[perform data base administration tasks that primarily support data warehousing activities.  duties include:  multi-dimensional (olap) server support, sybase server support, software installations/upgrades, backup/recovery, working with application developers and end users on database issues.   company is the industry leader in the manufacturing and distribution of electrical control and distribution equipment.  outstanding growth opportunity, very state-of-the-art is, constantly looking for new ways to improve business via information technology.]	[15]	[15]	15.10	Database Administrator	1.0	1	1	Database Administrator
v2	UNIX Internet System Administrator	"Large, innovative Washington D.C. Internet company seeks 4 UNIX/Solaris Internet System Administrators to provide UNIX SA in an Internet software application environment. Responsibilities can include: supporting the customer trouble ticket system in a timely and professional manner, supporting configuration, installation, maintenance, and repair of all UNIX server machines, providing second-level technical support and troubleshooting of HW, SW, and network problems in a Sun Internet server facility. Environment consists of 600 UNIX servers on Sun(Legacy to 6500) Hardware. Shift work is required.  Perks: Work at this state of the art company and receive a yearly 20% bonus split up over 4 quarters, work a 4 day work week, attend 2 weeks of Sun Educational training plus new software training when necessary."	[large, innovative washington d.c. internet company seeks 4 unix/solaris internet system administrators to provide unix sa in an internet software application environment. responsibilities can include: supporting the customer trouble ticket system in a timely and professional manner, supporting configuration, installation, maintenance, and repair of all unix server machines, providing second-level technical support and troubleshooting of hw, sw, and network problems in a sun internet server facility. environment consists of 600 unix servers on sun(legacy to 6500) hardware. shift work is required.  perks: work at this state of the art company and receive a yearly 20% bonus split up over 4 quarters, work a 4 day work week, attend 2 weeks of sun educational training plus new software training when necessary.]	[15]	[15]	15.48	Unix Administrator	0.5	1	0	Unix Administrator OR Systems Administrator
v2	COBOL programmers	"Need three programmers to do COBOL, EASYTRIEVE and JCL coding.  Must have strong communication skills and understand the entire life cycle."	[need three programmers to do cobol, easytrieve and jcl coding.  must have strong communication skills and understand the entire life cycle.]	[15]	[15]	15.171	Cobol Developer	1.0	1	0	Cobol Developer
v2	Internet/Web Developers	"SEI's Los Angeles office provides a full range of information systems consulting services to some of the world's leaders in the financial and entertainment industries. As a Microsoft Solutions Functional Partner, SEI specializes in serving the business and technology needs of clients with Microsoft-based system infrastructures.  Position:   Internet/Web Developers Salary:     $65,000-70,000 Yr. Location:  Throughout Los Angeles and Orange County. Benefits:   All Inclusive.  Background should include: 1-2 Years client server development expierience including Microsoft platforms ( Windows 95,98,NT ), Minimum of 1 yr. development  in the area of interactive web applications."	[sei's los angeles office provides a full range of information systems consulting services to some of the world's leaders in the financial and entertainment industries. as a microsoft solutions functional partner, sei specializes in serving the business and technology needs of clients with microsoft-based system infrastructures.  position:   internet/web developers salary:     $65,000-70,000 yr. location:  throughout los angeles and orange county. benefits:   all inclusive.  background should include: 1-2 years client server development expierience including microsoft platforms ( windows 95,98,nt ), minimum of 1 yr. development  in the area of interactive web applications.]	[15]	[15]	15.11	Web Developer	1.0	1	0	Web Developer
v2	AS/400 RPG Programmer	"Title AS/400 RPG Programmer  Job Number: H283-577  Salary: 65K  Location: Boca Raton, Florida  Job Type: Full-time  Description: Our client is a fast growing established software development company and recognized leader of AS/400 based telemanagement software for the hotel industry.  They are seeking a senior level AS/400 RPG Programmer with a minimum of four years programming experience.  This candidate would take full ownership and support of an exiting product line and develop new releases of our clients software.  The candidate would also have an opportunity to travel to premier resorts, casino’s and country clubs throughout the country to install our clients software.  Competitive salary, benefits and an exciting entrepreneurial work environment."	[title as/400 rpg programmer  job number: h283-577  salary: 65k  location: boca raton, florida  job type: full-time  description: our client is a fast growing established software development company and recognized leader of as/400 based telemanagement software for the hotel industry.  they are seeking a senior level as/400 rpg programmer with a minimum of four years programming experience.  this candidate would take full ownership and support of an exiting product line and develop new releases of our clients software.  the candidate would also have an opportunity to travel to premier resorts, casino’s and country clubs throughout the country to install our clients software.  competitive salary, benefits and an exciting entrepreneurial work environment.]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	0	AS 400 RPG Programmer
v2	AS/400 Programmer/Analyst :Many openings	"- Multiple positions available for all levels of AS/400 developer talent.  ********************** ** Direct Placement ** **********************  - RPG/400 Sr. P/A, Project Leader to $70K: Fortune 100 company, great beny's, work on Web-based 400 project as"	[- multiple positions available for all levels of as/400 developer talent.  ********************** ** direct placement ** **********************  - rpg/400 sr. p/a, project leader to $70k: fortune 100 company, great beny's, work on web-based 400 project as]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	0	AS 400 RPG Programmer
v2	COBOL Programmers	"We have IMMEDIATE needs for experienced COBOL programmer analysts!  There are multiple positions open for permanent hire as well as temp to hire positions.  There are also 2 positions open for a Sr level, team leader programmer.  Salary commensurates with experience.  ****Tremendous potential for career growth and enhancement.****"	[we have immediate needs for experienced cobol programmer analysts!  there are multiple positions open for permanent hire as well as temp to hire positions.  there are also 2 positions open for a sr level, team leader programmer.  salary commensurates with experience.  ****tremendous potential for career growth and enhancement.****]	[15]	[15]	15.171	Cobol Developer	1.0	1	0	Cobol Developer
v2	ORDBMS-JAVA Engineer	A rapidly growing object relational systems integration and software engineering company seeks a Senior Software Engineer tolead application development projects using object relational database management systems and their extensions. Will do full life cycle software development.	[a rapidly growing object relational systems integration and software engineering company seeks a senior software engineer tolead application development projects using object relational database management systems and their extensions. will do full life cycle software development.]	[15]	[15]	15.118	Senior Java Software Engineer	1.0	1	0	Java Developer OR Senior Java Software Engineer
v2	Principal Analyst	"DESCRIPTION OF WORK: Part of operational support, maintenance, and development team for Fed Agency telecom billing system.  System consists of legacy Oracle database application supporting mission critical business processing with custom GUI front-end using Oracle Forms/Reports.   Primary responsibility of this position is to interface extensively with users throughout customer organization to facilitate on-going support of business processes through automated billing system.   This position is a direct link between users and SW engineering staff so that ad hoc and re-engineering development efforts are responsive to user needs.  Requires ability to understand and proactively use extensive business process domain knowledge (to be provided as part of project indoctrination)  to translate user needs on a real-time basis into design requirements for development team.  Also includes assisting users with activating  monthly business processes within the automated system, ensuring that automated processes are running and producing accurate results,  and assisting users to reconcile data problems as they occur.  Will work in a team context  with other senior level analysts, Oracle DBA, various systems administrators, and senior SW engineers.  EXPERIENCE AND EDUCATION REQUIREMENTS: Bachelor's Degree in Information Systems or related field.  Minimum of 5-7 years technical experience including: responsibility for Needs, Requirements, Alternatives Analysis efforts; documentation including user manuals and on-line help; full system life cycle involvement; direct support of development/SW engineering staff in design, implementation, deployment of systems; user training; specific knowledge of DB applications with GUI interface in PC environment required;  knowledge of Web functionality and application to business interface desired.  Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical customers required.  Experience with billing or financial management applications in general, or telecom billing specifically highly desired."	[description of work: part of operational support, maintenance, and development team for fed agency telecom billing system.  system consists of legacy oracle database application supporting mission critical business processing with custom gui front-end using oracle forms/reports.   primary responsibility of this position is to interface extensively with users throughout customer organization to facilitate on-going support of business processes through automated billing system.   this position is a direct link between users and sw engineering staff so that ad hoc and re-engineering development efforts are responsive to user needs.  requires ability to understand and proactively use extensive business process domain knowledge (to be provided as part of project indoctrination)  to translate user needs on a real-time basis into design requirements for development team.  also includes assisting users with activating  monthly business processes within the automated system, ensuring that automated processes are running and producing accurate results,  and assisting users to reconcile data problems as they occur.  will work in a team context  with other senior level analysts, oracle dba, various systems administrators, and senior sw engineers.  experience and education requirements: bachelor's degree in information systems, related field.  minimum of 5-7 years technical experience including: responsibility for needs, requirements, alternatives analysis efforts; documentation including user manuals and on-line help; full system life cycle involvement; direct support of development/sw engineering staff in design, implementation, deployment of systems; user training; specific knowledge of db applications with gui interface in pc environment required;  knowledge of web functionality and application to business interface desired.  demonstrated ability to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical customers required.  experience with billing, financial management applications in general,, telecom billing specifically highly desired.]	[15]	[15]	15.9	Systems Analyst	0.62461656	1	0	Information Technology (IT) Systems Analyst
v2	Java Developer	"These candidates will be responsible for the design and development of software product and product architecture using Java.  They will assess user requirements and define development specifications.  They will also create web-based applications, test and deploy software using JAVA (including code logic and data models).  This is a very hot position!  There is no travel involved."	[these candidates will be responsible for the design and development of software product and product architecture using java.  they will assess user requirements and define development specifications.  they will also create web-based applications, test and deploy software using java (including code logic and data models).  this is a very hot position!  there is no travel involved.]	[15]	[15]	15.2	Java Developer	1.0	1	1	Java Developer
v2	Senior Consultant / Base24 Analyst	"Senior Tandem Consultant (or ACI Base24 Systems Senior Analyst)  Candidates should have practical and working knowledge in the development,programming,integration and support of ATM/POS/Electronic Payment processes such as technology-enabled solutions, but have the primary emphasis on ATM/POS systems. Candidates need to also have an advanced knowledge of the technology industry from a “hands on” approach such as programming, analysis, databases, development tools, operating systems, communications, networks and be aware of vendors that provide those products and services. Candidates need to have a professional attitude, be flexible, be able to tolerate ambiguities, think “out of the box”, and have good interpersonal skills being able to interface with users, prepare documentation, and communicate effectively with other departments and teams."	[senior tandem consultant (or aci base24 systems senior analyst)  candidates should have practical and working knowledge in the development,programming,integration and support of atm/pos/electronic payment processes such as technology-enabled solutions, but have the primary emphasis on atm/pos systems. candidates need to also have an advanced knowledge of the technology industry from a “hands on” approach such as programming, analysis, databases, development tools, operating systems, communications, networks and be aware of vendors that provide those products and services. candidates need to have a professional attitude, be flexible, be able to tolerate ambiguities, think “out of the box”, and have good interpersonal skills being able to interface with users, prepare documentation, and communicate effectively with other departments and teams.]	[15]	[13]	13.30056	Managing Consultant	0.4100989	0	0	Senior IT Consultant
v2	Web/Internet Developers	"SEI is seeking full-time Web Developers with a minimum of 2-3 years of e-commerce and client-server development experience.  E-commerce specialists at SEI work with the latest technologies on back-end development of web-based applications.  Applicants should possess in-depth expertise developing for NT or Solaris platforms.  Required skills include:  Client side presentation languages such as HTML/DHTML Scripting languages such as Javascript, VBscript and Perl. Server side scripting technology such as Active server Pages or Cold Fusion Sql Server/Transact SQL Working experience with development environments such as Interdev,Visual C++,Win32 SDK, or VB  Nice to have skills include:  Working experience developing Active X controls, Plug-Ins and Java Applets Adminstrative experience with MS Internet Information Server Administrative experience with MS SQL Server"	[sei is seeking full-time web developers with a minimum of 2-3 years of e-commerce and client-server development experience.  e-commerce specialists at sei work with the latest technologies on back-end development of web-based applications.  applicants should possess in-depth expertise developing for nt, solaris platforms.  required skills include:  client side presentation languages such as html/dhtml scripting languages such as javascript, vbscript and perl. server side scripting technology such as active server pages, cold fusion sql server/transact sql working experience with development environments such as interdev,visual c++,win32 sdk,, vb  nice to have skills include:  working experience developing active x controls, plug-ins and java applets adminstrative experience with ms internet information server administrative experience with ms sql server]	[15]	[15]	15.11	Web Developer	1.0	1	0	Web Developer
v2	Programmer (C/C++)	"Excellent opportunity for an experienced IT/IS professional to join one of America's leading financial services company's. Position calls for individual to be a key player in defining, developing, and implementing systems to improve the efficiency of the business units. Candidates will also develop, enhance, and maintain a custom, in-house application system which is in a client/server type mode. Person chosen will also provide programming expertise to internal business units, utilize skills to deliver projects on time, and be a key player/technical lead on important, high visibility projects."	[excellent opportunity for an experienced it/is professional to join one of america's leading financial services company's. position calls for individual to be a key player in defining, developing, and implementing systems to improve the efficiency of the business units. candidates will also develop, enhance, and maintain a custom, in-house application system which is in a client/server type mode. person chosen will also provide programming expertise to internal business units, utilize skills to deliver projects on time, and be a key player/technical lead on important, high visibility projects.]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	0.8690008	1	0	Programmer
v2	Systems Analyst	"Applications programming, systems support and development for bulk terminal automation system that provides entry and exit gate security, customer authorization, product authorization, and rack control for Sunoco terminals.  Shared responsibility for systems analysis, design, applications support and development programming, on-call support, technology evaluation and implementation.  Application resides on a DEC/Alpha platform w/links to both a DEC/Alpha and IBM host.  Links process real-time transactions to update inventory and financial systems and generate customer invoices."	[applications programming, systems support and development for bulk terminal automation system that provides entry and exit gate security, customer authorization, product authorization, and rack control for sunoco terminals.  shared responsibility for systems analysis, design, applications support and development programming, on-call support, technology evaluation and implementation.  application resides on a dec/alpha platform w/links to both a dec/alpha and ibm host.  links process real-time transactions to update inventory and financial systems and generate customer invoices.]	[15]	[15]	15.9	Systems Analyst	1.0	1	1	Systems Analyst
v2	Visual Basic Developer	"Applications Developer - Visual Basic, SQL   Applications developers with good communication skills needed for dynamic multinational IT company's midtown Manhattan office.  Will need to lead meetings and give presentations as well as programming and some project development.   Skills needed:  Visual Basic SQL Oracle (preferred) Access Insurance or financial background Excellent communication skills"	[applications developer - visual basic, sql   applications developers with good communication skills needed for dynamic multinational it company's midtown manhattan office.  will need to lead meetings and give presentations as well as programming and some project development.   skills needed:  visual basic sql oracle (preferred) access insurance, financial background excellent communication skills]	[15]	[15]	15.166	Visual Basic Developer	1.0	1	1	Visual Basic Developer
v2	DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR (ORACLE)	DATABASE ADMINISTRATOR (ORACLE)	[database administrator (oracle)]	[15]	[15]	15.10	Database Administrator	1.0	1	0	Database Administrator
v2	C/C++ Programmer/Analyst	Need 2 Programmers to do C/C++ coding and new development on a AS400. Must have strong communication skills and understand the entire life cycle.	[need 2 programmers to do c/c++ coding and new development on a as400. must have strong communication skills and understand the entire life cycle.]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	0	"C Programmer OR Programmer OR ""C/C++ Programmer"""
v2	Web Application Developers	"                       Web Application Developer(s)                            Ft Lauderdale, FL   Regrettably:  NO Visa assistance or corporate sponsorship available                        *  *   *   *   *   *  *   Responsible for designing and developing web applications.  The role demands highly developed skills in evaluating, designing  and building web applications.  Experience in web development,and  (at least 1 of the following) HTML, DHTML, ASP,VBScript,JavaScript,  or SQL required.  Requirements:  *     Possess software development life cycle  *     Experience with any of the following SQL, HTML, ASP or VBScript  *     2-5 years experience in web applications development  *     Strong communication and writing skills  *     BS/BA in CS/EE or equivalent  For immediate consideration, please e--mail resume (Word attachment preferred) AND salary history: -------&gt; SusieLouden@IBM.net                                                        Thank you."	[web application developer(s)                            ft lauderdale, fl   regrettably:  no visa assistance, corporate sponsorship available                        *  *   *   *   *   *  *   responsible for designing and developing web applications.  the role demands highly developed skills in evaluating, designing  and building web applications.  experience in web development,and  (at least 1 of the following) html, dhtml, asp,vbscript,javascript,, sql required.  requirements:  *     possess software development life cycle  *     experience with any of the following sql, html, asp, vbscript  *     2-5 years experience in web applications development  *     strong communication and writing skills  *     bs/ba in cs/ee, equivalent  for immediate consideration, please e--mail resume (word attachment preferred) and salary history: -------&gt; susielouden@ibm.net                                                        thank you.]	[15]	[15]	15.11	Web Developer	0.4170097	1	0	Web Developer
v2	Senior AS/400 Programmer Analyst	"BIG CITY SALARY, LOW COST OF LIVING!! Seeking talented individuals who enjoy hunting, fishing and outdoor recreational activities and would like to work for an excellent company dedicated to meeting the needs of those same enthusiasts. This company firmly believes that it's outstanding success and growth are a direct result of their talented staff who believe in customer satisfaction and possess a passion for the outdoors. The generous benefits package is among the best you will find."	[big city salary, low cost of living!! seeking talented individuals who enjoy hunting, fishing and outdoor recreational activities and would like to work for an excellent company dedicated to meeting the needs of those same enthusiasts. this company firmly believes that it's outstanding success and growth are a direct result of their talented staff who believe in customer satisfaction and possess a passion for the outdoors. the generous benefits package is among the best you will find.]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	0	AS 400 RPG Programmer
v2	Senior AS/400 Programmer Analyst	"Join 12 person Information Technology group and work with a wide variety of users to design and enhance programs and systems. Casual, low stress environment with flextime in a company noted for employee longevity (low turnover). Position is available due to promotion. Telecommuting is on the horizon for new employees, company has already implemented this for a select few."	[join 12 person information technology group and work with a wide variety of users to design and enhance programs and systems. casual, low stress environment with flextime in a company noted for employee longevity (low turnover). position is available due to promotion. telecommuting is on the horizon for new employees, company has already implemented this for a select few.]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	0	AS 400 RPG Programmer
v2	"OpenVMS Systems Administrator, Sr."	"# of Openings: 2  Reference Code: HH-CS-9807-FL Placement:  Contract Job Title:  Sr. Systems Administrator Estimated Duration:  1 year Location:  KSFC, FL Hourly Rate:  $ 45.00 - 65.00 (BOE)  Education:  BS Degree in a technical field or an equivalent combination of education and systems administration Citizenship:  Must be a U.S. CITIZEN! Clearance Level: N/A  DESCRIPTION:  6 years of OpenVMS systems administration experience is required. Performs systems administration functions on ALPHA based hardware using OpenVMS Operating System.  These functions include but are not limited to software installation, systems configurations, performing monitoring, and management of systems resources, accounts administration, isolating and solving problems associated with systems and applications software.  Advanced troubleshooting of complex user, application and system problems.  Responsible for system backups, maintaining appropriate security procedures, planning reconfigurations of systems to meet changing requirements.  Document procedures relating to system configurations and processes.  Plan and administer training and provide guidance for operators and other system managers.  Evaluation of new technology, working with customers and vendors.  Communicate with the user community and other support organizations significant events that affect system use."	[# of openings: 2  reference code: hh-cs-9807-fl placement:  contract job title:  sr. systems administrator estimated duration:  1 year location:  ksfc, fl hourly rate:  $ 45.00 - 65.00 (boe)  education:  bs degree in a technical field, an equivalent combination of education and systems administration citizenship:  must be a u.s. citizen! clearance level: n/a  description:  6 years of openvms systems administration experience is required. performs systems administration functions on alpha based hardware using openvms operating system.  these functions include but are not limited to software installation, systems configurations, performing monitoring, and management of systems resources, accounts administration, isolating and solving problems associated with systems and applications software.  advanced troubleshooting of complex user, application and system problems.  responsible for system backups, maintaining appropriate security procedures, planning reconfigurations of systems to meet changing requirements.  document procedures relating to system configurations and processes.  plan and administer training and provide guidance for operators and other system managers.  evaluation of new technology, working with customers and vendors.  communicate with the user community and other support organizations significant events that affect system use.]	[15]	[15]	15.5	Systems Administrator	1.0	1	0	Systems Administrator
v2	IT / Networks Specialist	"Reference ID: 990319M  Product: Network Management / Security  Responsibilities: · Support & develop Network management applications that run on corporate & commercial devices · Install & maintain AIX and NM products on Internet & Intranet · Support firewall, DNS, DHCP, Netview"	[reference id: 990319m  product: network management / security  responsibilities: · support & develop network management applications that run on corporate & commercial devices · install & maintain aix and nm products on internet & intranet · support firewall, dns, dhcp, netview]	[15]	[15]	15.30	Network Analyst	0.5490565	1	0	Network Analyst
v2	Java Senior Software Engineer	"Metaphase Technology, the developer of the Metaphase suite of Product Data Management (PDM) software, is recognized as the premier enterprise information management solution provider  to Fortune 100 companies around the world.   Tasks may include application and user interface design and development system design, implementation, and performance analysis. Experience with object oriented development, client/server systems, or relational databases are a plus. Specifically, we have various positions available participating in the full range of the development cycle, from design to support. Experience required in Java, and interest or experience in OO frameworks."	[metaphase technology, the developer of the metaphase suite of product data management (pdm) software, is recognized as the premier enterprise information management solution provider  to fortune 100 companies around the world.   tasks may include application and user interface design and development system design, implementation, and performance analysis. experience with object oriented development, client/server systems,, relational databases are a plus. specifically, we have various positions available participating in the full range of the development cycle, from design to support. experience required in java, and interest, experience in oo frameworks.]	[15]	[15]	15.0	Software Engineer	0.5	1	0	Senior Java Software Engineer
v2	Data Conversion Analyst	"THE AUDIT GROUP, INC. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the United States. In these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader. We are seeking a computer professional with 2-5 yrs experience in data analysis & manipulation.  Working in a casual environment (lose the suit!), you will be a key member and visible player on our IS team.  You will support our Auditors first by acquiring accounting data which is downloaded from our hospital customers to our website. Then you'll work with the data, converting it into an auditor-useful format.  The Audit Group's reputation for extraordinary service to hospitals relies on the great data and support provided by our talented and growing IS team.  Enjoy the great compensation, benefits, bonuses, stock options, and continuous professional development that only an industry leader can provide.  Want to work in an office located on the grounds of the #4 ranked private golf course in the country?  That's where our new corporate headquarters building is being planned!  We're located in the Grey Summit/Washington/Pacific area.  Compensation is $35,000-$55,000 but negotiable for the best candidate!  Join the nationwide leader in hospital A/P auditing and grow with us!  For detailed info about the job, our company, everything...check out our website - theauditgroup.com"	[the audit group, inc. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the united states. in these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader. we are seeking a computer professional with 2-5 yrs experience in data analysis & manipulation.  working in a casual environment (lose the suit!), you will be a key member and visible player on our is team.  you will support our auditors first by acquiring accounting data which is downloaded from our hospital customers to our website. then you'll work with the data, converting it into an auditor-useful format.  the audit group's reputation for extraordinary service to hospitals relies on the great data and support provided by our talented and growing is team.  enjoy the great compensation, benefits, bonuses, stock options, and continuous professional development that only an industry leader can provide.  want to work in an office located on the grounds of the #4 ranked private golf course in the country?  that's where our new corporate headquarters building is being planned!  we're located in the grey summit/washington/pacific area.  compensation is $35,000-$55,000 but negotiable for the best candidate!  join the nationwide leader in hospital a/p auditing and grow with us!  for detailed info about the job, our company, everything...check out our website - theauditgroup.com]	[15]	[15]	15.17	Data Analyst	0.5	1	0	Data Conversion Developer
v2	Network Service Engineer	"Candidate will perform in a highly visible, professional environment and will be required to work closely with systems and technical staff, as well as business unit clients on various WIDE AREA NETWORK (WAN) and METROPOLITAN AREA NETWORK (MAN) service support issues and projects.  Interface with with outsourced network vendors in varying capabiilities including second level escalation and troubleshooting support.  Responsibilities include working witb vendor project managers to establish and guide resources in planning, implementing and coordinating installations of new technologies. Technical consulting to application development groups would be a major plus."	[candidate will perform in a highly visible, professional environment and will be required to work closely with systems and technical staff, as well as business unit clients on various wide area network (wan) and metropolitan area network (man) service support issues and projects.  interface with with outsourced network vendors in varying capabiilities including second level escalation and troubleshooting support.  responsibilities include working witb vendor project managers to establish and guide resources in planning, implementing and coordinating installations of new technologies. technical consulting to application development groups would be a major plus.]	[15]	[15]	15.8	Network Engineer	0.56328887	1	0	Network Engineer
v2	Mainframe Programmer/Analyst	"Successful, growing company with an excellent reputation for treating their employees well. Company and shop are team driven and dedicated to adding value to the employee by developing and expanding skill sets. To promote employees' state of the art skills, company provides at least two job-related seminars a year. The latest development techniques and new software tools are mastered on a continuing basis. Excellent opportunity for recognition and reward for contributions. The Benefits package is one of the strongest in industry including bonuses, resort condo use and programs that encourage enrollment in continuing education courses of employee choice."	[successful, growing company with an excellent reputation for treating their employees well. company and shop are team driven and dedicated to adding value to the employee by developing and expanding skill sets. to promote employees' state of the art skills, company provides at least two job-related seminars a year. the latest development techniques and new software tools are mastered on a continuing basis. excellent opportunity for recognition and reward for contributions. the benefits package is one of the strongest in industry including bonuses, resort condo use and programs that encourage enrollment in continuing education courses of employee choice.]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	0.6881347	1	0	Programmer OR Programmer Analyst
v2	Technical Support Coordinator	"Opportunity with growing software messaging firm located in John’s Creek Technology Park for Technical Support Coordinator. Provide front-line customer service directly to customers requesting technical support.  Responsibilities:  Support & Maintenance Plan Administration:  Create/maintain lists of all support & maintenance plan customers; Maintenance Distribution: Upon release of upgrades, follow through w/ operations to assure timely shipping; Documentation/Reporting:  Maintenance of database tracking each call; provide technical support reports as required; Manage Customer Issues:  Handle a variety of customer concerns/requests, all in a timely manner; sell technial support and maintenance plans to customers."	[opportunity with growing software messaging firm located in john’s creek technology park for technical support coordinator. provide front-line customer service directly to customers requesting technical support.  responsibilities:  support & maintenance plan administration:  create/maintain lists of all support & maintenance plan customers; maintenance distribution: upon release of upgrades, follow through w/ operations to assure timely shipping; documentation/reporting:  maintenance of database tracking each call; provide technical support reports as required; manage customer issues:  handle a variety of customer concerns/requests, all in a timely manner; sell technial support and maintenance plans to customers.]	[15]	[15]	15.165	Systems Support Coordinator	1.0	1	0	Systems Support Coordinator
v2	Visual C++ P/A with NT	"Description:  Strong Visual C++/ Windows NT developers (up to three people). To develop new applications and interfaces for an internet telephony company located near Princeton, New Jersey. This is a well established company with a world presence in the HOT internet telephony marketplace. The positions are initially contract with the right to hire on as a permanent employee.  The three positions require different skills as follows: 1)Strong Visual C++ and in depth experience in user interface tools 2) Deep experience in Visual C++ and algorithm development 3) Visual C++ with an emphasis on the communication side (socket programming)"	[description:  strong visual c++/ windows nt developers (up to three people). to develop new applications and interfaces for an internet telephony company located near princeton, new jersey. this is a well established company with a world presence in the hot internet telephony marketplace. the positions are initially contract with the right to hire on as a permanent employee.  the three positions require different skills as follows: 1)strong visual c++ and in depth experience in user interface tools 2) deep experience in visual c++ and algorithm development 3) visual c++ with an emphasis on the communication side (socket programming)]	[15]	[15]	15.15	C Developer	0.88864017	1	0	C Developer
v2	"Software Developer, High Availability"	"Software Developer, High Availability Reference #40-990003  Intermediate level position on the Tactical Response Team.   Responsibilities include:  Facilitating resolution of client's software problems by reproducing, debugging and fixing the problem with patches or service packs and maintenance releases. Maintaining status of problem resolution.  Updating customer and product development manager on problem resolution status.  Working closely with the product development group by providing feedback and suggesting software implementation methods or design changes to future products.  Qualifications: Required qualifications include: BS in computer science, electrical engineering, related discipline, or equivalent training and experience; minimum 3 years experience with C, C++ and Java.  Preferred:  minimum 5 years of software development (Client/Server) exp; dev exp in 1 or more of the following major RDBMS products: Oracle, Sybase,  MS-SQL Server; exp in a support environment; exp in a start-up software company.  Must also have good communication, organizational and planning skills. Must be able to: prioritize work and meet deadlines; work independently and as a team player."	[software developer, high availability reference #40-990003  intermediate level position on the tactical response team.   responsibilities include:  facilitating resolution of client's software problems by reproducing, debugging and fixing the problem with patches, service packs and maintenance releases. maintaining status of problem resolution.  updating customer and product development manager on problem resolution status.  working closely with the product development group by providing feedback and suggesting software implementation methods, design changes to future products.  qualifications: required qualifications include: bs in computer science, electrical engineering, related discipline,, equivalent training and experience; minimum 3 years experience with c, c++ and java.  preferred:  minimum 5 years of software development (client/server) exp; dev exp in 1, more of the following major rdbms products: oracle, sybase,  ms-sql server; exp in a support environment; exp in a start-up software company.  must also have good communication, organizational and planning skills. must be able to: prioritize work and meet deadlines; work independently and as a team player.]	[15]	[15]	15.0	Software Engineer	0.63890445	1	0	Software Engineer
v2	EDI Technical Specialist	Major distributor of household goods in the Valley has an immediate need for an individual with EDI experience.  The position  requires a minimum of three (3) years of experience in EDI mapping support.  A requirement for the position is EDI Translator experience and Harbinger knowledge would be a huge plus. Excellent oral and written communication skills should also be possessed.	[major distributor of household goods in the valley has an immediate need for an individual with edi experience.  the position  requires a minimum of three (3) years of experience in edi mapping support.  a requirement for the position is edi translator experience and harbinger knowledge would be a huge plus. excellent oral and written communication skills should also be possessed.]	[15]	[15]	15.205	EDI Analyst	0.60600895	1	0	EDI Analyst
v2	AS400/RPG Programmer/Analyst	Major manufacturing company is seeking a programmer analyst with a minimum of 4 years experience.  Comprehensive benefits package.	[major manufacturing company is seeking a programmer analyst with a minimum of 4 years experience.  comprehensive benefits package.]	[15]	[15]	15.302	AS400 RPG Programmer	0.51438004	1	0	AS 400 RPG Programmer
v2	Jr. SAS Programmer w. SQL	"Description: Very large pharmaceutical corporation in central NJ seeking a Junior SAS Programmer to write tables and listings, queries and reports and perform data analysis. Will support medical side of business. Very solid SQL, as all data comes out of ORACLE through SQL."	[description: very large pharmaceutical corporation in central nj seeking a junior sas programmer to write tables and listings, queries and reports and perform data analysis. will support medical side of business. very solid sql, as all data comes out of oracle through sql.]	[15]	[15]	15.30550	SAS Programmer	1.0	1	0	SAS Programmer
v2	Web Developer	"Challenging opportunity for a Web Developer with NetDynamics web development experience.  Will be responsible for all aspects of web application development projects including, but not limited to, analysis, design, programming, testing, documentation, and implementation functions in support of various web application development projects.  Applications will be developed using NetDynamics and Oracle databases.  Metamor offers a full benefits package and either contract or full time employment. NO SUBCONTRACTORS PLEASE!!!"	[challenging opportunity for a web developer with netdynamics web development experience.  will be responsible for all aspects of web application development projects including, but not limited to, analysis, design, programming, testing, documentation, and implementation functions in support of various web application development projects.  applications will be developed using netdynamics and oracle databases.  metamor offers a full benefits package and either contract, full time employment. no subcontractors please!!!]	[15]	[15]	15.11	Web Developer	1.0	1	1	Web Developer
v2	Jr. Oracle DBA Consultant	"The company is a world-class telecom solutions provider established in 1990 in Germany. The companies solutions address customer care and billing applications, intelligent call center applications and SIM card application software for the telecommunications / media industry, specifically wireless, paging and cable. In Europe, the development department has been ISO 9001 certified since October 1995, and the service department since October 1996. The service and development departments in America are scheduled to become ISO 9001 certified. The headquarters are in the USA, with offices in Germany and Malaysia. The products have been installed in more than 30 telecom companies and 200 centers worldwide.  - Onsite Customer Support in the Database and BSCS Application Fields - Onsite Database and BSCS Tuning - Onsite and Remote Performance Analysis - Remote Database Administration/Monitoring - Customer Consultation in the Oracle and BSCS Field - Oracle, UNIX and BSCS Configuration - Knowledge of additional Languages (Spanish, Portuguese) is a Plus - Travel Required 50%-70%"	[the company is a world-class telecom solutions provider established in 1990 in germany. the companies solutions address customer care and billing applications, intelligent call center applications and sim card application software for the telecommunications / media industry, specifically wireless, paging and cable. in europe, the development department has been iso 9001 certified since october 1995, and the service department since october 1996. the service and development departments in america are scheduled to become iso 9001 certified. the headquarters are in the usa, with offices in germany and malaysia. the products have been installed in more than 30 telecom companies and 200 centers worldwide.  - onsite customer support in the database and bscs application fields - onsite database and bscs tuning - onsite and remote performance analysis - remote database administration/monitoring - customer consultation in the oracle and bscs field - oracle, unix and bscs configuration - knowledge of additional languages (spanish, portuguese) is a plus - travel required 50%-70%]	[15]	[15]	15.10	Database Administrator	1.0	1	0	Database Administrator OR Oracle Consultant
v2	AS400 RPG P/A II	"Company Description: The position is with a leading provider of third-party billing clearinghouses and information management services to the telecommunications industry. They are a technology-based company utilizing sophisticated systems and software to process millions of call records every month for telecommunications companies nationwide, and to track and bill for enhanced telecommunications services, including paging, voice mail, Internet access, Caller ID, and others. What sets them apart is their commitment to serving customers and the responsiveness of their employees to customers' individualized needs.  Today, the company is known to their 400+ customers as a billing and total back office provider. Their state-of-the-art center handles over 30,000 customer service calls a day on behalf of our clients. In addition to customer service, they provide data processing, accounting services and reports, an advance funding program, and files over 5,000 tax returns quarterly. The company's strong relationships with the local exchange carriers (LECs), it's proprietary billing systems and the extensive experience of its management team have made it a leader in the industry. Their mission is to ensure that their customers get paid promptly for the services they provide.  Job Description: The successful candidate will perform the following programming tasks: Coding of application programs; Unit testing of work; Documentation of Systems; Assist in application system tests; Application problem research and resolution; Preliminary design and analysis of application subsystems; Will work with Programmer Analyst I giving assistance where needed in application, programming, and platform knowledge."	[company description: the position is with a leading provider of third-party billing clearinghouses and information management services to the telecommunications industry. they are a technology-based company utilizing sophisticated systems and software to process millions of call records every month for telecommunications companies nationwide, and to track and bill for enhanced telecommunications services, including paging, voice mail, internet access, caller id, and others. what sets them apart is their commitment to serving customers and the responsiveness of their employees to customers' individualized needs.  today, the company is known to their 400+ customers as a billing and total back office provider. their state-of-the-art center handles over 30,000 customer service calls a day on behalf of our clients. in addition to customer service, they provide data processing, accounting services and reports, an advance funding program, and files over 5,000 tax returns quarterly. the company's strong relationships with the local exchange carriers (lecs), it's proprietary billing systems and the extensive experience of its management team have made it a leader in the industry. their mission is to ensure that their customers get paid promptly for the services they provide.  job description: the successful candidate will perform the following programming tasks: coding of application programs; unit testing of work; documentation of systems; assist in application system tests; application problem research and resolution; preliminary design and analysis of application subsystems; will work with programmer analyst i giving assistance where needed in application, programming, and platform knowledge.]	[15]	[15]	15.302	AS400 RPG Programmer	0.52807647	1	0	AS 400 RPG Programmer
v2	Oracle Data Base Administrator	"Strong, growing, national company is sensitive to employee's needs for professional growth and development, as well as their personal commitments. Enjoy satisfaction derived from working with other individuals who are bright, ambitious, and knowledgeable. Company understands the need for employees to maintain and update skills and knowledge. It supports professional and technical development through it's training and education programs, including Professional Development Workshops, Computer-Based Training, and Instructor-Led Training programs. The Benefits package is one of the strongest in industry including bonuses, stock options and condo use."	[strong, growing, national company is sensitive to employee's needs for professional growth and development, as well as their personal commitments. enjoy satisfaction derived from working with other individuals who are bright, ambitious, and knowledgeable. company understands the need for employees to maintain and update skills and knowledge. it supports professional and technical development through it's training and education programs, including professional development workshops, computer-based training, and instructor-led training programs. the benefits package is one of the strongest in industry including bonuses, stock options and condo use.]	[15]	[15]	15.10	Database Administrator	1.0	1	0	Database Administrator
v2	DB2 Database Administrator (Junior)	"Strong, growing, national company is sensitive to employee's needs for professional growth and development, as well as their personal commitments. Enjoy satisfaction derived from working with other individuals who are bright, ambitious, and knowledgeable. Company understands the need for employees to maintain and update skills and knowledge. It supports professional and technical development through it's training and education programs, including Professional Development Workshops, Computer-Based Training, and Instructor-Led Training programs. The Benefits package is one of the strongest in industry including bonuses, stock options and condo use."	[strong, growing, national company is sensitive to employee's needs for professional growth and development, as well as their personal commitments. enjoy satisfaction derived from working with other individuals who are bright, ambitious, and knowledgeable. company understands the need for employees to maintain and update skills and knowledge. it supports professional and technical development through it's training and education programs, including professional development workshops, computer-based training, and instructor-led training programs. the benefits package is one of the strongest in industry including bonuses, stock options and condo use.]	[15]	[15]	15.10	Database Administrator	1.0	1	0	Database Administrator
v2	IT Project Manager	"Salary is open and is based on experience.  Exciting opportunity to manage multiple IT projects for biotech industry. All IT projects are client server based in an NT & UNIX enviorment. Will evaluate 3rd party software, specify customizations & systems intergration. Will manage outsourced projects & some internally. Coordinating IT support needs with external orginizations . Must have Project management skills. Adept at juggling many competing priorities & projects."	[salary is open and is based on experience.  exciting opportunity to manage multiple it projects for biotech industry. all it projects are client server based in an nt & unix enviorment. will evaluate 3rd party software, specify customizations & systems intergration. will manage outsourced projects & some internally. coordinating it support needs with external orginizations . must have project management skills. adept at juggling many competing priorities & projects.]	[15]	[47]	47.156	Assistant Construction Project Manager	0.65354896	0	0	Project Manager
v2	AS400 RPG P/A III	"Company Description: The position is with a leading provider of third-party billing clearinghouses and information management services to the telecommunications industry. They are a technology-based company utilizing sophisticated systems and software to process millions of call records every month for telecommunications companies nationwide, and to track and bill for enhanced telecommunications services, including paging, voice mail, Internet access, Caller ID, and others. What sets them apart is their commitment to serving customers and the responsiveness of their employees to customers' individualized needs.  Today, the company is known to their 400+ customers as a billing and total back office provider. Their state-of-the-art center handles over 30,000 customer service calls a day on behalf of our clients. In addition to customer service, they provide data processing, accounting services and reports, an advance funding program, and files over 5,000 tax returns quarterly. The company's strong relationships with the local exchange carriers (LECs), it's proprietary billing systems and the extensive experience of its management team have made it a leader in the industry. Their mission is to ensure that their customers get paid promptly for the services they provide.  Job Description: The successful candidate will perform the following programming tasks: Coding of application programs; Unit testing of work; Documentation of Systems; Assist in application system tests; Application problem research and resolution; Preliminary design and analysis of application subsystems; Will work with Programmer Analyst I giving assistance where needed in application, programming, and platform knowledge.  Develop software applications using a complete life cycle methodology. Work closely with other client server developers to extend AS400 legacy applications to the browser environment.  (NO SPONSORSHIP)"	[company description: the position is with a leading provider of third-party billing clearinghouses and information management services to the telecommunications industry. they are a technology-based company utilizing sophisticated systems and software to process millions of call records every month for telecommunications companies nationwide, and to track and bill for enhanced telecommunications services, including paging, voice mail, internet access, caller id, and others. what sets them apart is their commitment to serving customers and the responsiveness of their employees to customers' individualized needs.  today, the company is known to their 400+ customers as a billing and total back office provider. their state-of-the-art center handles over 30,000 customer service calls a day on behalf of our clients. in addition to customer service, they provide data processing, accounting services and reports, an advance funding program, and files over 5,000 tax returns quarterly. the company's strong relationships with the local exchange carriers (lecs), it's proprietary billing systems and the extensive experience of its management team have made it a leader in the industry. their mission is to ensure that their customers get paid promptly for the services they provide.  job description: the successful candidate will perform the following programming tasks: coding of application programs; unit testing of work; documentation of systems; assist in application system tests; application problem research and resolution; preliminary design and analysis of application subsystems; will work with programmer analyst i giving assistance where needed in application, programming, and platform knowledge.  develop software applications using a complete life cycle methodology. work closely with other client server developers to extend as400 legacy applications to the browser environment.  (no sponsorship)]	[15]	[15]	15.302	AS400 RPG Programmer	0.5280764	1	0	AS 400 RPG Programmer
v2	PC Technical Support Specialist	"Responsibilities for this technical support position are the ability to perform personal computer hardware, software, and peripheral installation and support on user workstations; provide Tier I technical support for hardware, software, and determination which includes troubleshooting, diagnostics, and resolutions to hardware and software compatibility PCs; responsible for repairs of hardware and/or coordinates repairs with outside vendors; performs administrative tasks relative to asset tracking for hardware and software, reporting and technical documentation; receives and tracks client hardware and software problems in a support center application used for problem management and analysis; assists in planning and testing the business continuity process for the Bank."	[responsibilities for this technical support position are the ability to perform personal computer hardware, software, and peripheral installation and support on user workstations; provide tier i technical support for hardware, software, and determination which includes troubleshooting, diagnostics, and resolutions to hardware and software compatibility pcs; responsible for repairs of hardware and/or coordinates repairs with outside vendors; performs administrative tasks relative to asset tracking for hardware and software, reporting and technical documentation; receives and tracks client hardware and software problems in a support center application used for problem management and analysis; assists in planning and testing the business continuity process for the bank.]	[15]	[15]	15.116	Client Support Specialist	1.0	1	0	Client Support Specialist OR IT Support Specialist
v2	NT or UNIX Internet System Administrator	"An exciting opportunity in Silicon Valley for 6 UNIX Internet System Administrator & 6 NT Internet System Administrators at a growing ISP headquartered in Washington, DC. The company is spinning off from it's parent an offering an IPO in the coming month so it is an opportune time to get on board!  Position #1: Description: 6 UNIX/Solaris Internet System Administrators needed to provide UNIX SA in an Internet software application environment. Responsibilities can include: supporting the customer trouble ticket system in a timely and professional manner, supporting configuration, installation, maintenance, and repair of all UNIX server machines, providing second-level technical support and troubleshooting of HW, SW, and network problems in a Sun Internet server facility.  Position #2: Description: 6 NT Internet System Administrators needed to build hardware configuration to specifications detailed in work orders, Load operating system and application software as detailed in work order, & perform routing system administration duties.    ** Perks: Work at this state of the art company and receive a yearly 20% bonus split up over 4 quarters, possibly work a 10hr/4 day work week, new software training when necessary.**"	[an exciting opportunity in silicon valley for 6 unix internet system administrator & 6 nt internet system administrators at a growing isp headquartered in washington, dc. the company is spinning off from it's parent an offering an ipo in the coming month so it is an opportune time to get on board!  position #1: description: 6 unix/solaris internet system administrators needed to provide unix sa in an internet software application environment. responsibilities can include: supporting the customer trouble ticket system in a timely and professional manner, supporting configuration, installation, maintenance, and repair of all unix server machines, providing second-level technical support and troubleshooting of hw, sw, and network problems in a sun internet server facility.  position #2: description: 6 nt internet system administrators needed to build hardware configuration to specifications detailed in work orders, load operating system and application software as detailed in work order, & perform routing system administration duties.    ** perks: work at this state of the art company and receive a yearly 20% bonus split up over 4 quarters, possibly work a 10hr/4 day work week, new software training when necessary.**]	[15]	[15]	15.5	Systems Administrator	0.5	1	0	Systems Administrator
v2	Real Time Embedded SW Engineer 1007	0-3 years experience with BSCS. Must have ability to develop C and C++ code from driver level to application code. Familiarity with embedded real-time environments as well as various data communication protocols. Telecom experience a plus.	[0-3 years experience with bscs. must have ability to develop c and c++ code from driver level to application code. familiarity with embedded real-time environments as well as various data communication protocols. telecom experience a plus.]	[15]	[15]	15.0	Software Engineer	0.84327435	1	0	Software Engineer
v2	Template: Programmer	"* Write analysis programs * Analyze data and generate tabulation reports * Write Computer Aided Telephone Interviewing scripts * Troubleshoot and debug programs * Manage several projects with customer-driven timelines * Possible occasional travel to off-site study locations * Develop in-house solutions in Visual Basic, Access, or Excel * Salary based on ability - include salary requirements"	[* write analysis programs * analyze data and generate tabulation reports * write computer aided telephone interviewing scripts * troubleshoot and debug programs * manage several projects with customer-driven timelines * possible occasional travel to off-site study locations * develop in-house solutions in visual basic, access,, excel * salary based on ability - include salary requirements]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	0	Programmer
v2	Principal Engineer	"Key member of a start-up consulting organization; to leverage your talent in a variety of technical and business disciplines within an entrepreneurial organization.  Build complex custom solutions ; utilizing both Firm technologies and the most recent web development tools .  Some travel is required. Primary responsibility for developing technical web solutions using industry standard, open development tools."	[key member of a start-up consulting organization; to leverage your talent in a variety of technical and business disciplines within an entrepreneurial organization.  build complex custom solutions ; utilizing both firm technologies and the most recent web development tools .  some travel is required. primary responsibility for developing technical web solutions using industry standard, open development tools.]	[15]	[17]	17.1	Mechanical Engineer	0.35294116	0	0	"""Principal Engineer"""
v2	Network Engineers	"Major employer in the Fayetteville Arkansas area is looking for the following Network Engineers – please ONLY respond if you meet the qualifications outlined!!!Salary ranges from 45K – 65K plus bonus (last year’s payout was 12% of base) – excellent benefit package and relocation package.  If you are interested in this position, please respond immediately by forwarding your resume as an Email attachment (.rtf or .doc) to debra@mrirecruiter.com.  Please include Reference Number DB 0599 04 in your response as well as referencing the site name.  A daytime contact number (9-5 Eastern) is required. Debra Borheck, PHR, Account Manager  Management Recruiters of Melbourne, FL, Inc. 407-951-7644 Phone  407-951-4235 FAX"	[major employer in the fayetteville arkansas area is looking for the following network engineers – please only respond if you meet the qualifications outlined!!!salary ranges from 45k – 65k plus bonus (last year’s payout was 12% of base) – excellent benefit package and relocation package.  if you are interested in this position, please respond immediately by forwarding your resume as an email attachment (.rtf, .doc) to debra@mrirecruiter.com.  please include reference number db 0599 04 in your response as well as referencing the site name.  a daytime contact number (9-5 eastern) is required. debra borheck, phr, account manager  management recruiters of melbourne, fl, inc. 407-951-7644 phone  407-951-4235 fax]	[15, 17]	[15]	15.8	Network Engineer	1.0	1	0	Network Engineer
v2	Senior Application Developer	"SUMMARY Responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of high quality software applications  ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES * The selected developer will technically contribute to the following team activities:  O Participating in the requirements/design phase of software products/projects.    O Analyzing and suggesting improvements in software requirements and design.  O Utilizing internally designed and off-the-shelf products and tools to build and maintain applications according to requirements.  QUALIFICATIONS Must have the desired technical expertise and the demonstrated ability to satisfy requirements. EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE: * Bachelor Degree or Higher in Computer Science is required. * 3+ years of software development experience is required. * 1+ years of object oriented programming experience (example C++) is required. PREFERRED SKILLS OR EXPERIENCE: * 2+ years of database experience is desired. * Experience in building financial applications is desired. * Familiarity with ISO 8583/Visa Interchange messages or other standard message formats is desired. * Above average communication skills are desired. * Above average writing skills are desired."	[summary responsible for the design, development, and maintenance of high quality software applications  essential duties and responsibilities * the selected developer will technically contribute to the following team activities:  o participating in the requirements/design phase of software products/projects.    o analyzing and suggesting improvements in software requirements and design.  o utilizing internally designed and off-the-shelf products and tools to build and maintain applications according to requirements.  qualifications must have the desired technical expertise and the demonstrated ability to satisfy requirements. education and/or experience: * bachelor degree, higher in computer science is required. * 3+ years of software development experience is required. * 1+ years of object oriented programming experience (example c++) is required. preferred skills, experience: * 2+ years of database experience is desired. * experience in building financial applications is desired. * familiarity with iso 8583/visa interchange messages, other standard message formats is desired. * above average communication skills are desired. * above average writing skills are desired.]	[15]	[15]	15.24	Application Developer	1.0	1	0	Application Developer
v2	Content Specialist	"The Content Specialist will lead the coordination of all R&amp;D, and content management initiatives for the Quisic website. He or she will collaborate with the Managing Editor to evolve the existing site into both a portal and destination site for business education and knowledge by delivering a unique and diverse set of premier business knowledge resources and content. Responsibilities: ·Develop plan and process for conducting and implementing R&amp;D efforts such as: 1) new product research; 2) topic research; 3) internal taxonomy; and 4) internet content research. · Lead team of researchers to aggressively find new web-based business products and resources, and assess them for quality and value. · Coordinate the discovery and evaluation of latest business journals, multimedia resources, tools, websites and other types of leading edge business content. Work with Business Development team to determine which resources should be pursued for licensing. · Evaluate and update current content management system, including key wording structure (taxonomy). Represent Online in company-wide content management projects. Train researchers on key wording procedures. · Conduct competitor analysis on an ongoing basis. Compensation is commensurate with experience. Benefits for this pre-IPO Internet company include stock options, medical, dental, vision, life insurance and 401(k). Please refer to the job code and job title when applying for this position. RESUMES WITHOUT THE JOB CODE IN THE SUBJECT LINE WILL NOT BE CONSIDERED. RELOCATION ASSISTANCE IS NOT PROVIDED FOR THIS POSITION."	[the content specialist will lead the coordination of all r&amp;d, and content management initiatives for the quisic website. he, she will collaborate with the managing editor to evolve the existing site into both a portal and destination site for business education and knowledge by delivering a unique and diverse set of premier business knowledge resources and content. responsibilities: ·develop plan and process for conducting and implementing r&amp;d efforts such as: 1) new product research; 2) topic research; 3) internal taxonomy; and 4) internet content research. · lead team of researchers to aggressively find new web-based business products and resources, and assess them for quality and value. · coordinate the discovery and evaluation of latest business journals, multimedia resources, tools, websites and other types of leading edge business content. work with business development team to determine which resources should be pursued for licensing. · evaluate and update current content management system, including key wording structure (taxonomy). represent online in company-wide content management projects. train researchers on key wording procedures. · conduct competitor analysis on an ongoing basis. compensation is commensurate with experience. benefits for this pre-ipo internet company include stock options, medical, dental, vision, life insurance and 401(k). please refer to the job code and job title when applying for this position. resumes without the job code in the subject line will not be considered. relocation assistance is not provided for this position.]	[27]	[15]	15.211	Web Specialist	1.0	0	0	Content Specialist
v2	Desktop Engineer	"What inspires YOU? working for a rock solid organization? designing your own career? a work culture based upon respect and collaboration?  exciting and challenging projects?  If you answered Absolutely! to the above questions--Autodesk, Inc. has a full-time Desktop Engineer II position available at our Novi, Michgan location.  To join our IT Team, we?re looking for a capable individual who possesses the following talents-  You have experience as a Desktop Technologies Professional Must have excellent communication skills - written &amp; verbal Possess strong technical skills Knowledge of Microsoft NT--some '95, UNIX a plus  AT&amp;T PBX System knowledge desirable  People/service/customer oriented--excellent phone communication skills Work well under stress/pressure   You can learn and think logically and are a bright individual  Possess problem-solving skills, are decisive  Have good analytical skills  Ability to learn new technologies Can apply new technologies to benefit business/technical users   You are professional, courteous, self-directed and goal oriented  Friendly, personable, outgoing, positive thinker Organized, efficient, prompt, and a team player  Flexible, adaptable; can handle/manage change Able to manage/track multiple projects simultaneously Persistent, tenacious, perform follow-through   Requirements  Associates degree in Computer Science or Engineering, or equivalent  Ability to travel to other Autodesk sites within the United States Carry a pager for on/off-hour and off-site emergencies"	[what inspires you? working for a rock solid organization? designing your own career? a work culture based upon respect and collaboration?  exciting and challenging projects?  if you answered absolutely! to the above questions--autodesk, inc. has a full-time desktop engineer ii position available at our novi, michgan location.  to join our it team, we?re looking for a capable individual who possesses the following talents-  you have experience as a desktop technologies professional must have excellent communication skills - written &amp; verbal possess strong technical skills knowledge of microsoft nt--some '95, unix a plus  at&amp;t pbx system knowledge desirable  people/service/customer oriented--excellent phone communication skills work well under stress/pressure   you can learn and think logically and are a bright individual  possess problem-solving skills, are decisive  have good analytical skills  ability to learn new technologies can apply new technologies to benefit business/technical users   you are professional, courteous, self-directed and goal oriented  friendly, personable, outgoing, positive thinker organized, efficient, prompt, and a team player  flexible, adaptable; can handle/manage change able to manage/track multiple projects simultaneously persistent, tenacious, perform follow-through   requirements  associates degree in computer science, engineering,, equivalent  ability to travel to other autodesk sites within the united states carry a pager for on/off-hour and off-site emergencies]	[15]	[15]	15.80	Desktop Engineer	1.0	1	1	Desktop Engineer
v2	Web Application Designer	"If you're interested in joining an organization that is dedicated to enhancing the design process through the power of the Internet, then Autodesk is where you want to be.  Autodesk, the industry leading design resource and one of the largest software companies in the world, is looking for an exceptional Web Application Developer.  Title- Web Application Designer Location- San Rafael, CA  Position Summary As Web Application Designer, you will lead the design process for new Web client products and/or extensions for existing Windows design products.   Responsibilities Lead the design for new products and features. Create Conceptual Designs and clearly describe them using text, diagrams, illustrations, and/or prototypes. Manage the process of refining detailed interaction and visual design solutions, writing and illustrating clear and comprehensive Product Specifications, and posting them for review, inspection and approval by the product team. Prepare for and participate in Usability Inspections and Usability Tests at various points in the design process. Clearly understand and communicate how the product design derives from the Market Requirements and research about the target customer. Work with the Software Development team to ensure that the design is faithfully implemented.   The ideal candidate will have- 5+ years as a program manager, product designer, or user interaction designer for software products. 3+ years designing products or sites on the World Wide Web. 2+ years designing products on MS Windows.Demonstrated excellence in designing innovative applications. Experience with user-centered research and design techniques, including usability testing. Experience in prototyping, programming, or scripting in at least one programming language or prototyping environment.  Desired Knowledge and Skills A solid familiarity with the World Wide Web, including the capabilities of XML/XSL, Java, ASP, server-side applications, etc. A thorough understanding of industry user interface design standards. Prefer experience designing graphics applications. A degree in a Design field, Computer Science, Cognitive Psychology, or another relevant field, or equivalent experience.  Qualities Demonstrated excellence in technical communications, including visual (written and illustrated) and oral presentations. Demonstrated track record of successful participation in multidisciplinary teams. Ability to generate clear product ideas and designs, and to adapt and create new user-centered design techniques and methods. Be personable and diplomatic, earning a consensus using persuasion and clarity of thought."	[if you're interested in joining an organization that is dedicated to enhancing the design process through the power of the internet, then autodesk is where you want to be.  autodesk, the industry leading design resource and one of the largest software companies in the world, is looking for an exceptional web application developer.  title- web application designer location- san rafael, ca  position summary as web application designer, you will lead the design process for new web client products and/or extensions for existing windows design products.   responsibilities lead the design for new products and features. create conceptual designs and clearly describe them using text, diagrams, illustrations, and/or prototypes. manage the process of refining detailed interaction and visual design solutions, writing and illustrating clear and comprehensive product specifications, and posting them for review, inspection and approval by the product team. prepare for and participate in usability inspections and usability tests at various points in the design process. clearly understand and communicate how the product design derives from the market requirements and research about the target customer. work with the software development team to ensure that the design is faithfully implemented.   the ideal candidate will have- 5+ years as a program manager, product designer,, user interaction designer for software products. 3+ years designing products, sites on the world wide web. 2+ years designing products on ms windows.demonstrated excellence in designing innovative applications. experience with user-centered research and design techniques, including usability testing. experience in prototyping, programming,, scripting in at least one programming language, prototyping environment.  desired knowledge and skills a solid familiarity with the world wide web, including the capabilities of xml/xsl, java, asp, server-side applications, etc. a thorough understanding of industry user interface design standards. prefer experience designing graphics applications. a degree in a design field, computer science, cognitive psychology,, another relevant field,, equivalent experience.  qualities demonstrated excellence in technical communications, including visual (written and illustrated) and oral presentations. demonstrated track record of successful participation in multidisciplinary teams. ability to generate clear product ideas and designs, and to adapt and create new user-centered design techniques and methods. be personable and diplomatic, earning a consensus using persuasion and clarity of thought.]	[15]	[15]	15.42	Web Designer	0.42961273	1	0	Web Designer
v2	Sr. Unix Administrator	"Market-leading salary, excellent benefits plus stock options!  Put your Unix administration skills to the test in a growing, fast-paced, hi-tech company. Our environment contains several flavors of Unix including Solaris and Linux.  Responsible for mission critical 24/7 systems."	[market-leading salary, excellent benefits plus stock options!  put your unix administration skills to the test in a growing, fast-paced, hi-tech company. our environment contains several flavors of unix including solaris and linux.  responsible for mission critical 24/7 systems.]	[15]	[15]	15.48	Unix Administrator	1.0	1	0	Unix Administrator
v2	"JavaScript, Web Site Developer"	"Work as part of a large team developing and maintaining internet sites and products. Perform Internet publishing and scripting. This contract to hire position has excellent long term growth opportunities for individuals who wish to become permanent employees. Relaxed environment, causal attire."	[work as part of a large team developing and maintaining internet sites and products. perform internet publishing and scripting. this contract to hire position has excellent long term growth opportunities for individuals who wish to become permanent employees. relaxed environment, causal attire.]	[15]	[15]	15.11	Web Developer	0.5468012	1	0	Web Developer OR JavaScript Developer
v2	C/C++ PROGRAMMER/ANALYST	New development utilizing C/C++ in Client-server environment.	[new development utilizing c/c++ in client-server environment.]	[15]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	0	C Developer OR Programmer Analyst
v2	Programmer	"Experienced Visual Basic Programmer familiar with the latest versions of Visual Basic.  This job requires the applicant to possess project development skills and be capable to lead a design team toward successful solutions.  We are looking for a team player with a desire to enhance their professional abilities as a key employee.  Some electronic interfacing experience is a plus.  This person will be directly responsible for the development of Client Interfaces, Machine Control, Database Management and Graphical Reports. Logan Engineering is a manufacturer of Custom Equipment ie. Test Systems, Automated Robotic Manufacturing Equipment and Process Controllers.  We have been in business since 1983 and are looking to increase our staff due to our continuing growth."	[experienced visual basic programmer familiar with the latest versions of visual basic.  this job requires the applicant to possess project development skills and be capable to lead a design team toward successful solutions.  we are looking for a team player with a desire to enhance their professional abilities as a key employee.  some electronic interfacing experience is a plus.  this person will be directly responsible for the development of client interfaces, machine control, database management and graphical reports. logan engineering is a manufacturer of custom equipment ie. test systems, automated robotic manufacturing equipment and process controllers.  we have been in business since 1983 and are looking to increase our staff due to our continuing growth.]	[15, 51]	[15]	15.4	Programmer	1.0	1	1	Programmer
v2	Web Developer	"Please refer to CA262 when responding...Thanks! Join the Web Products group of highly successful Orange County-based communications company. Will be responsible for Intranet/Extranet development of an E-Commerce System and Customer Service Extranet. Evaluate and implement an Internet E-Commerce system and provide extensive development efforts for customization, additional features/functions and to integrate into Back-End Enterprise systems. 2 positions available; 1 intermediate and 1 more senior."	[please refer to ca262 when responding...thanks! join the web products group of highly successful orange county-based communications company. will be responsible for intranet/extranet development of an e-commerce system and customer service extranet. evaluate and implement an internet e-commerce system and provide extensive development efforts for customization, additional features/functions and to integrate into back-end enterprise systems. 2 positions available; 1 intermediate and 1 more senior.]	[15]	[15]	15.11	Web Developer	1.0	1	1	Web Developer
v2	Installation Consultant	"Responsible for the direction and coordination of assigned Ambulatory Suite installations, ensuring that they are completed in a timely and qualitative manner in accordance with IDX standards and the customer's success criteria.  Essential duties include the support and installation of BAR,SCHED, MCA, and IDXtend, ensuring revenue targets are met; completing processes for support and installations; and ensuring product success in the market place."	[responsible for the direction and coordination of assigned ambulatory suite installations, ensuring that they are completed in a timely and qualitative manner in accordance with idx standards and the customer's success criteria.  essential duties include the support and installation of bar,sched, mca, and idxtend, ensuring revenue targets are met; completing processes for support and installations; and ensuring product success in the market place.]	[17, 29]	[17]	17.159	Installation Engineer	1.0	1	0	Installation Engineer
v2	SAP Oracle database expert. (SAP)	"SAP Oracle database  R/3 Experts 2+ years of SAP R/3 experience The benefits: 1.Training in SAP R/3 enhancements is both ongoing and extensive. 2. International assignments available to qualified candidates 3. Financial rewards from a company whose compensation plan is  rated    among the top 5% of America's companies. 4. Bonus and Salary are a fuction of your experience and level of    commitment to the firm 5. UNCAPPED Bonus structure base on your performance 6. Benefit package is simply one of the finest in the world  Reply in confidence with resume, technical summary of your skills and module expertise Include  salary history  and verifiable references to jake@exec-recruiters.com or call 800.722.7614 to arrange a confidential evaluation Typically evaluations and phone screens arranged with 48 hours Equal opportunity employer."	[sap oracle database  r/3 experts 2+ years of sap r/3 experience the benefits: 1.training in sap r/3 enhancements is both ongoing and extensive. 2. international assignments available to qualified candidates 3. financial rewards from a company whose compensation plan is  rated    among the top 5% of america's companies. 4. bonus and salary are a fuction of your experience and level of    commitment to the firm 5. uncapped bonus structure base on your performance 6. benefit package is simply one of the finest in the world  reply in confidence with resume, technical summary of your skills and module expertise include  salary history  and verifiable references to jake@exec-recruiters.com, call 800.722.7614 to arrange a confidential evaluation typically evaluations and phone screens arranged with 48 hours equal opportunity employer.]	[15]	[15]	15.10	Database Administrator	0.79947644	1	0	Database Administrator
v2	HVAC/R Design Engineer	"Will be involve in design of HVAC/R type of products from concept to release into mfg. Tasks range from determining fan curves, performance spec of system, heat transfer, selection of proper components, actual CAD drawing of sheet metal and layout of internal components. Will interface with process eng and production relative to manufacturability and cost reduction projects."	[will be involve in design of hvac/r type of products from concept to release into mfg. tasks range from determining fan curves, performance spec of system, heat transfer, selection of proper components, actual cad drawing of sheet metal and layout of internal components. will interface with process eng and production relative to manufacturability and cost reduction projects.]	[17]	[17]	17.208	HVAC Engineer	0.41667327	1	0	HVAC Engineer
v2	RF MICROWAVE ENGINEERS DESIGN TEST	"PLEASE INCLUDE TITLE & LOCATION OF POSITION APPLIED FOR. Send YOUR Formatted Resume Attachment in Word or Word Perfect.INCLUDE SALARY/GEOGRAPHICAL PREFERENCES. RF/ MICROWAVE /ANALOG DESIGN & TEST ENGINEERS. OPENINGS IN: FL-NJ-MA-RI-CA-USA. IF WE DON'T HAVE THE CAREER OPENING YOU WANT,WE WILL FIND IT FOR YOU FREE OF CHARGE. SEE REQUIREMENTS. WE NEED BOTH TEST & DESIGN ENGINEERS. TEST ENGINEERS SHOULD HAVE THE ABILITY TO TEST & INDENTIFY SOLUTIONS FOR TEST PROGRAM SET(TPS)DEFICIENCIES."	[please include title & location of position applied for. send your formatted resume attachment in word, word perfect.include salary/geographical preferences. rf/ microwave /analog design & test engineers. openings in: fl-nj-ma-ri-ca-usa. if we don't have the career opening you want,we will find it for you free of charge. see requirements. we need both test & design engineers. test engineers should have the ability to test & indentify solutions for test program set(tps)deficiencies.]	[17]	[17]	17.20	Radio Frequency Engineer	0.61127853	1	0	Radio Frequency Engineer
v2	Supplier Quality Engineer	"Company wants a minimum of 5 years experience in the automotive industry.  Knowledge of Continuous Improvement and Kaizen prin- ciples required. Training employees in a class room environment preferred. Bachelor degree is required. Must have ability to develop Design of Experiments(DOE), implement problem solving, and communicate status with management.  Work to improve quality and encourage process improvements."	[company wants a minimum of 5 years experience in the automotive industry.  knowledge of continuous improvement and kaizen prin- ciples required. training employees in a class room environment preferred. bachelor degree is required. must have ability to develop design of experiments(doe), implement problem solving, and communicate status with management.  work to improve quality and encourage process improvements.]	[17]	[17]	17.30039	Quality Engineer	1.0	1	0	Quality Engineer
v2	Staff Mechanical Engineer	"This postion is a Staff Mechanical Engineer in Thermal Management. Will assist the application & deployment of computer aided engineering(CAE) simulation technologies throughout company. Emphasis is the application of state of the art heat transfer modeling, including coupled heat transfer and computational fluid dynamics. Primary duties will be in the development and validation of analytical models using simulation software such as I-DEAS/ESC/TMG,ANSYS Flotran, & Flotherm. Will develop the simulation competencies of others on the Engineering staff. A MS degree in a relevant engineering field(prefer Mechanical or Aerospace Engineering) and min of 5 years practical engineering experience. Knowledge of heat transfer and fluid dynamics for product development. Thermo mechanical testing and project management would be helpful. would be helpful."	[this postion is a staff mechanical engineer in thermal management. will assist the application & deployment of computer aided engineering(cae) simulation technologies throughout company. emphasis is the application of state of the art heat transfer modeling, including coupled heat transfer and computational fluid dynamics. primary duties will be in the development and validation of analytical models using simulation software such as i-deas/esc/tmg,ansys flotran, & flotherm. will develop the simulation competencies of others on the engineering staff. a ms degree in a relevant engineering field(prefer mechanical, aerospace engineering) and min of 5 years practical engineering experience. knowledge of heat transfer and fluid dynamics for product development. thermo mechanical testing and project management would be helpful. would be helpful.]	[17]	[17]	17.101	Staff Engineer	0.5	1	0	Mechanical Engineer
v2	Process Engineer	"Reference Code:  HH-9803-MS Placement:  Permanent Job Title:  Process Engineer Benefits:  Employee Benefits Package Location:  Northeast Mississippi Salary Range:  40K - 48K (BOE) Education:  BS degree in Engineering Field or equivalent in work experience Citizenship:  U.S., Canadian or Green Card (Permanent Resident)  ABOUT THE CUSTOMER:    This company is a global, full service, technology and quality leader in the filed of Electronic Manufacturing Services.  The manufacturer comprises of 350,000 square feet and provides the full compliment of value-added service capabilities, including layout, design for manufacturability, design  for procurement, design for test, materials procurement, prototyping, communications testing, screen room for wireless products, in-circuit test, functional test, RF test, plastic injection molding, environmental stress chambers, inventory management, fulfillment, overnight distribution, filed return and repair.   Its current headquarters facility is located in Santa Clara, California and has a full turnkey manufacturing facility in Mexico.  This company is now one of the largest EMS provides in the United States with over 480,000 square fee of manufacturing capacity worldwide, 1300 highly-skilled employees, worldwide procurement capabilities and expertise in the full range of value-added design and manufacturing services.  The company is ISO 9002 certified as well BABT certified."	[reference code:  hh-9803-ms placement:  permanent job title:  process engineer benefits:  employee benefits package location:  northeast mississippi salary range:  40k - 48k (boe) education:  bs degree in engineering field, equivalent in work experience citizenship:  u.s., canadian, green card (permanent resident)  about the customer:    this company is a global, full service, technology and quality leader in the filed of electronic manufacturing services.  the manufacturer comprises of 350,000 square feet and provides the full compliment of value-added service capabilities, including layout, design for manufacturability, design  for procurement, design for test, materials procurement, prototyping, communications testing, screen room for wireless products, in-circuit test, functional test, rf test, plastic injection molding, environmental stress chambers, inventory management, fulfillment, overnight distribution, filed return and repair.   its current headquarters facility is located in santa clara, california and has a full turnkey manufacturing facility in mexico.  this company is now one of the largest ems provides in the united states with over 480,000 square fee of manufacturing capacity worldwide, 1300 highly-skilled employees, worldwide procurement capabilities and expertise in the full range of value-added design and manufacturing services.  the company is iso 9002 certified as well babt certified.]	[17]	[17]	17.8	Process Engineer	1.0	1	1	Process Engineer
v2	Circuit Design Engineer	"Reference Code:  HH-9802-MS Placement:  Permanent Job Title:  Circuit Design Engineer Benefits:  Employee Benefits Package Location:  Northeast Mississippi Salary Range:  40K - 53K (BOE) Education:  MSEE preferred, BSEE although will consider a BSET. Citizenship:  U.S., Canadian or Green Card (Permanent Resident)  ABOUT THE CUSTOMER:    This company is a global, full service, technology and quality leader in the filed of Electronic Manufacturing Services.  The manufacturer comprises of 350,000 square feet and provides the full compliment of value-added service capabilities, including layout, design for manufacturability, design  for procurement, design for test, materials procurement, prototyping, communications testing, screen room for wireless products, in-circuit test, functional test, RF test, plastic injection molding, environmental stress chambers, inventory management, fulfillment, overnight distribution, filed return and repair.   Its current headquarters facility is located in Santa Clara, California and has a full turnkey manufacturing facility in Mexico.  This company is now one of the largest EMS provides in the United States with over 480,000 square fee of manufacturing capacity worldwide, 1300 highly-skilled employees, worldwide procurement capabilities and expertise in the full range of value-added design and manufacturing services.  The company is ISO 9002 certified as well BABT certified."	[reference code:  hh-9802-ms placement:  permanent job title:  circuit design engineer benefits:  employee benefits package location:  northeast mississippi salary range:  40k - 53k (boe) education:  msee preferred, bsee although will consider a bset. citizenship:  u.s., canadian, green card (permanent resident)  about the customer:    this company is a global, full service, technology and quality leader in the filed of electronic manufacturing services.  the manufacturer comprises of 350,000 square feet and provides the full compliment of value-added service capabilities, including layout, design for manufacturability, design  for procurement, design for test, materials procurement, prototyping, communications testing, screen room for wireless products, in-circuit test, functional test, rf test, plastic injection molding, environmental stress chambers, inventory management, fulfillment, overnight distribution, filed return and repair.   its current headquarters facility is located in santa clara, california and has a full turnkey manufacturing facility in mexico.  this company is now one of the largest ems provides in the united states with over 480,000 square fee of manufacturing capacity worldwide, 1300 highly-skilled employees, worldwide procurement capabilities and expertise in the full range of value-added design and manufacturing services.  the company is iso 9002 certified as well babt certified.]	[17]	[17]	17.166	Circuit Design Engineer	0.9928071	1	1	Circuit Design Engineer
v2	Quality Engineer - SMT TECHNOLOGY	"ABOUT THE CUSTOMER:    This company is a global, full service, technology and quality leader in the filed of Electronic Manufacturing Services.  The manufacturer comprises of 350,000 square feet and provides the full compliment of value-added service capabilities, including layout, design for manufacturability, design  for procurement, design for test, materials procurement, prototyping, communications testing, screen room for wireless products, in-circuit test, functional test, RF test, plastic injection molding, environmental stress chambers, inventory management, fulfillment, overnight distribution, filed return and repair.   Its current headquarters facility is located in Santa Clara, California and has a full turnkey manufacturing facility in Mexico.  This company is now one of the largest EMS provides in the United States with over 480,000 square fee of manufacturing capacity worldwide, 1300 highly-skilled employees, worldwide procurement capabilities and expertise in the full range of value-added design and manufacturing services.  The company is ISO 9002 certified as well BABT certified."	[about the customer:    this company is a global, full service, technology and quality leader in the filed of electronic manufacturing services.  the manufacturer comprises of 350,000 square feet and provides the full compliment of value-added service capabilities, including layout, design for manufacturability, design  for procurement, design for test, materials procurement, prototyping, communications testing, screen room for wireless products, in-circuit test, functional test, rf test, plastic injection molding, environmental stress chambers, inventory management, fulfillment, overnight distribution, filed return and repair.   its current headquarters facility is located in santa clara, california and has a full turnkey manufacturing facility in mexico.  this company is now one of the largest ems provides in the united states with over 480,000 square fee of manufacturing capacity worldwide, 1300 highly-skilled employees, worldwide procurement capabilities and expertise in the full range of value-added design and manufacturing services.  the company is iso 9002 certified as well babt certified.]	[17]	[17]	17.5	Manufacturing Engineer	0.417181	1	0	Quality Engineer
v2	Electronic Technician	"This Fortune 500 company, leader in their industry of creating cutting  edge technologies is seeking an Electronic Technician for their headquarters in Corning, NY.  Responsibilities include assisting engineers in the design and prototyping of mixed signal (analog and digital) hardware for a variety of applications – high frequency (MHz and GHz) communications subsystems and similar products as well as embedded systems for precision machine, motion, and process control.  Familiarity with basic electronic principles, electronic component handling, assembly soldering, wirewrap) and functional and environmental testing of electronic devices and systems."	[this fortune 500 company, leader in their industry of creating cutting  edge technologies is seeking an electronic technician for their headquarters in corning, ny.  responsibilities include assisting engineers in the design and prototyping of mixed signal (analog and digital) hardware for a variety of applications – high frequency (mhz and ghz) communications subsystems and similar products as well as embedded systems for precision machine, motion, and process control.  familiarity with basic electronic principles, electronic component handling, assembly soldering, wirewrap) and functional and environmental testing of electronic devices and systems.]	[17, 49]	[17]	17.9	Electronics Technician	1.0	1	0	Electronics Technician
v2	Product /Acoustic Design Engineer	"This position is a rather unique position since it will deal both with mechanical product design and acoustics.  Will work closely with their noise and vibration expert on identifying product issues related to such. Will assist in testing and evaluating source of noise and vibration. Once problems are identified, then will be the partner in the team effort who works on product design changes to reduce noise and vibrations.  Changes may involve mechanical design changes, use of mountings, abatement material,... Corporation is major manufacturer of consumer products."	[this position is a rather unique position since it will deal both with mechanical product design and acoustics.  will work closely with their noise and vibration expert on identifying product issues related to such. will assist in testing and evaluating source of noise and vibration. once problems are identified, then will be the partner in the team effort who works on product design changes to reduce noise and vibrations.  changes may involve mechanical design changes, use of mountings, abatement material,... corporation is major manufacturer of consumer products.]	[17, 27]	[17]	17.121	Design Engineer	0.5	1	0	Product Engineer OR Design Engineer
v2	Mechanical Development Engineer	"Working with an innovative team of engineers, you will investigate and develop a new cost effective technology to seal hard disk drives."	[working with an innovative team of engineers, you will investigate and develop a new cost effective technology to seal hard disk drives.]	[17]	[17]	17.1	Mechanical Engineer	1.0	1	0	Mechanical Engineer
v2	Signal Integrity Design Engineer	"                                                                Major contributor within a signal integrity design                                 team. Work with minimal technical supervision to                                 define/diagnose/solve complex signal integrity                                 problems (system clocking, interconnect design,                                 transmission line termination techniques, timing,                                 power/ground distribution and decoupling, ASIC                                 I/O cell selection, ASIC package and pinout                                 selection, connector selection and pinout                                 definition, parasitic minimization, etc.). Provide                                 technical leadership to more junior members of                                 the team. Lead projects as well as participate on                                 project teams as an indivdual contributor."	[major contributor within a signal integrity design                                 team. work with minimal technical supervision to                                 define/diagnose/solve complex signal integrity                                 problems (system clocking, interconnect design,                                 transmission line termination techniques, timing,                                 power/ground distribution and decoupling, asic                                 i/o cell selection, asic package and pinout                                 selection, connector selection and pinout                                 definition, parasitic minimization, etc.). provide                                 technical leadership to more junior members of                                 the team. lead projects as well as participate on                                 project teams as an indivdual contributor.]	[17]	[17]	17.211	Signal Processing Engineer	0.47491413	1	0	Signal Processing Engineer
v2	Mechanical Design Engineers	"As a member of our dynamic mechanical engineering team, you will be responsible for designing and testing mechanical components for tape and/or disk drives, such as: plastic injection molded parts, die casting, sheet metal parts, and machined parts.  Analyze and design  gears, linkages, levers, voice coil motors, brushless DC motors, etc.  Work with supplier base and manufacturing to transition the design into production."	[as a member of our dynamic mechanical engineering team, you will be responsible for designing and testing mechanical components for tape and/or disk drives, such as: plastic injection molded parts, die casting, sheet metal parts, and machined parts.  analyze and design  gears, linkages, levers, voice coil motors, brushless dc motors, etc.  work with supplier base and manufacturing to transition the design into production.]	[17]	[17]	17.121	Design Engineer	0.5	1	0	Mechanical Engineer OR Design Engineer
v2	Signal Integrity Design Engineer 1450	"Major contributor within a signal integrity design team. Work with minimal technical supervision to define/diagnose/solve complex signal integrity problems (system clocking, interconnect design, transmission line termination techniques, timing, power/ground distribution and decoupling, ASIC I/O cell selection, ASIC package and pinout selection, connector selection and pinout definition, parasitic minimization, etc.). Provide technical leadership to more junior members of the team. Lead projects as well as participate on project teams as an indivdual contributor. Experience Minimum 8 years experience in the field of signal integrity and analog issues related to high speed digital printed circuit board design. Candidate should have hands on experience with modeling and simulating with SPICE (HSPICE preferred) and Quad Design (Viewlogic) TLC/XNS software and/or Mentor Graphics Interconnectix simulator. Experience with electromagnetic field solvers (such as Ansoft or Greenfield) and high speed board routers is also desirable. Experience with static timing verifiers (Motive/Blast/Prime Time) is desirable. Also, experience with Cadence Allegro and/or CCT PCB layout routers is a plus. Candidate should also be familiar with high speed board test plan generation and test measurement techniques (e.g., measure crosstalk, impedance, simultaneous switching effects, ...) Experience with designing high speed digital buses (100 MHz+) and knowledge of numerous logic families (GTL+, LVDS, PECL, etc). Experience with designing clock generation and distribution networks (including knowledge of techniques to quantify and reduce clock skew and jitter) is also a major plus. Knowledge of controlled impedance printed circuit board design and fabrication. Education BS degree, MS preferred."	[major contributor within a signal integrity design team. work with minimal technical supervision to define/diagnose/solve complex signal integrity problems (system clocking, interconnect design, transmission line termination techniques, timing, power/ground distribution and decoupling, asic i/o cell selection, asic package and pinout selection, connector selection and pinout definition, parasitic minimization, etc.). provide technical leadership to more junior members of the team. lead projects as well as participate on project teams as an indivdual contributor. experience minimum 8 years experience in the field of signal integrity and analog issues related to high speed digital printed circuit board design. candidate should have hands on experience with modeling and simulating with spice (hspice preferred) and quad design (viewlogic) tlc/xns software and/or mentor graphics interconnectix simulator. experience with electromagnetic field solvers (such as ansoft, greenfield) and high speed board routers is also desirable. experience with static timing verifiers (motive/blast/prime time) is desirable. also, experience with cadence allegro and/or cct pcb layout routers is a plus. candidate should also be familiar with high speed board test plan generation and test measurement techniques (e.g., measure crosstalk, impedance, simultaneous switching effects, ...) experience with designing high speed digital buses (100 mhz+) and knowledge of numerous logic families (gtl+, lvds, pecl, etc). experience with designing clock generation and distribution networks (including knowledge of techniques to quantify and reduce clock skew and jitter) is also a major plus. knowledge of controlled impedance printed circuit board design and fabrication. education bs degree, ms preferred.]	[17]	[17]	17.211	Signal Processing Engineer	0.47491413	1	0	Signal Processing Engineer
v2	Marketing Scientist - SAS	"Major pharmaceutical corporation looking for Marketing Analyst with strong SAS skills plus experience with large databases.  To support analysis that utilizes primary and secondary marketing research techniques, make recommendations used in making marketing decisions, analyse promotion responses, perform target (customer, physician, patient) segmentation, customer analysis and forecasting of brand performance.  Assist Product Management in new product launch and monitor success of tha launch. We thank you in advance for your interest in Winnertech; however, we cannot always respond immediately to every resume. Winnertech will contact you when we find your skills are an appropriate fit for one of our positions."	[major pharmaceutical corporation looking for marketing analyst with strong sas skills plus experience with large databases.  to support analysis that utilizes primary and secondary marketing research techniques, make recommendations used in making marketing decisions, analyse promotion responses, perform target (customer, physician, patient) segmentation, customer analysis and forecasting of brand performance.  assist product management in new product launch and monitor success of tha launch. we thank you in advance for your interest in winnertech; however, we cannot always respond immediately to every resume. winnertech will contact you when we find your skills are an appropriate fit for one of our positions.]	[19]	[19]	19.4	Research Analyst	1.0	1	0	Research Analyst
v2	Market Research Analyst	"Market Research Analyst position for a small but rapidly growing Market Research company located in Princeton, NJ. Day to day duties interpreting data and conveying the results of primary research. Research is done in the areas of health care, pharmaceuticals, and media. Outstanding benefits."	[market research analyst position for a small but rapidly growing market research company located in princeton, nj. day to day duties interpreting data and conveying the results of primary research. research is done in the areas of health care, pharmaceuticals, and media. outstanding benefits.]	[13]	[19]	19.4	Research Analyst	1.0	0	0	Research Analyst
v2	Marketing Analyst	"Responsibilities:  Research and prepare analysis for competitive product technologies as well as overall storage market. Forecast trends and future market growth by analyzing disk and system trends. Analyze media market and growth. Prepare reports for DSSG product marketing, function as the industry expert for customer visits, and provide research support for engineering. Provide industry analysis and forecasts for executive presentations and business planning (AOP, etc.)."	[responsibilities:  research and prepare analysis for competitive product technologies as well as overall storage market. forecast trends and future market growth by analyzing disk and system trends. analyze media market and growth. prepare reports for dssg product marketing, function as the industry expert for customer visits, and provide research support for engineering. provide industry analysis and forecasts for executive presentations and business planning (aop, etc.).]	[13]	[19]	19.4	Research Analyst	0.59130454	0	0	Research Analyst
v2	MARKET ANALYST	"Company: VISION INSURANCE Job Description: DEVELOP AND ANALYZE  DATA, MAKE RECOMMENDATIONS BASED ON MARKET/COMPETITION DATA ANALYSIS.  MARKETING RESEARCH"	[company: vision insurance job description: develop and analyze  data, make recommendations based on market/competition data analysis.  marketing research]	[13]	[19]	19.4	Research Analyst	1.0	0	0	Research Analyst
v2	Social Worker Msw	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Social Worker SSM St. Joseph's Health Center in St. Charles, MO is currently seeking a qualified Social Worker Msw.    Job Category:                 Behavioral MedicineSpecialty:                      Social WorkerMinimum Qualifications:  Psych/CD adult exp pref. Group therapy facilitator experience pref. Previous assessment and discharge planning skills.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph's Health Center - St. Charles MO  Description: Sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary, St. Louis-based SSM Health Care (SSMHC), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest Catholic systems in the nation. It is also one of the largest health care providers in Missouri.  The SSMHC owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. Consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, SSMHC entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma. A primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  Community: Just west of St. Louis you'll find Saint Charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. Founded as Les Petites Cotes (The Little Hills) by French Canadian fur trader Louis Blanchette, Saint Charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young America.   Thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. Saint Charles is a source of historical encounter: the Lewis and Clark Rendezvous, Missouri's First State Capitol, origin of the Boones lick Trail and home to Daniel Boone.  The people of Saint Charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. As destination for almost 1 million visitors each year Saint Charles history comes alive to welcome you.  Experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769."	[profession: allied health specialties: social worker ssm st. joseph's health center in st. charles, mo is currently seeking a qualified social worker msw.    job category:                 behavioral medicinespecialty:                      social workerminimum qualifications:  psych/cd adult exp pref. group therapy facilitator experience pref. previous assessment and discharge planning skills.  facility: ssm st. joseph's health center - st. charles mo  description: sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary, st. louis-based ssm health care (ssmhc), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest catholic systems in the nation. it is also one of the largest health care providers in missouri.  the ssmhc owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, ssmhc entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in missouri, illinois, wisconsin, and oklahoma. a primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  community: just west of st. louis you'll find saint charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. founded as les petites cotes (the little hills) by french canadian fur trader louis blanchette, saint charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young america.   thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. saint charles is a source of historical encounter: the lewis and clark rendezvous, missouri's first state capitol, origin of the boones lick trail and home to daniel boone.  the people of saint charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. as destination for almost 1 million visitors each year saint charles history comes alive to welcome you.  experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769.]	[21]	[21]	21.2	Social Worker	1.0	1	0	Social Worker
v2	Social Worker / MSW	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Social Worker Disposition Planner (Social Services Dept.) Facilitates discharge planning for patients on acute care nursing units in large hospital setting.MSW; License; Min. 1 year hospital, homehealth, or nursing home exp. Prefer discharge planning/ case mgt. exp. Teamplayer; exceptional customer service skills; ability to handle fast pace and large volume.  FT.  Facility: Wellstar Healthcare System"	[profession: allied health specialties: social worker disposition planner (social services dept.) facilitates discharge planning for patients on acute care nursing units in large hospital setting.msw; license; min. 1 year hospital, homehealth,, nursing home exp. prefer discharge planning/ case mgt. exp. teamplayer; exceptional customer service skills; ability to handle fast pace and large volume.  ft.  facility: wellstar healthcare system]	[21]	[21]	21.2	Social Worker	1.0	1	0	Social Worker
v2	Community Support Specialist	"Coordinate and facilitate community appointments for Turning Point consumers (doctor visits, DDS appointments, off-site appointments) Develop after-hours activities for dually-diagnosed adults that will promote constructive use of leisure time Provide outreach to those consumers who may be absent from the day program or in need of enhanced community support Participation in day program activities and outings as needed Clinical and billing documentation for activities  4 weeks paid vacation, 12 sick days, 9 holidays, health, dental, life insurance, short term disability, 403(b), flexible spending accounts, and section 125 plan.  When applying for this position, please mention Ref. #19 and position title.  ""EOE M/F/D/V"""	[coordinate and facilitate community appointments for turning point consumers (doctor visits, dds appointments, off-site appointments) develop after-hours activities for dually-diagnosed adults that will promote constructive use of leisure time provide outreach to those consumers who may be absent from the day program, in need of enhanced community support participation in day program activities and outings as needed clinical and billing documentation for activities  4 weeks paid vacation, 12 sick days, 9 holidays, health, dental, life insurance, short term disability, 403(b), flexible spending accounts, and section 125 plan.  when applying for this position, please mention ref. #19 and position title.  eoe m/f/d/v]	[21]	[21]	21.74	Community Support Staff	1.0	1	0	Community Support Staff
v2	Career Services Advisor - Culinary	"PUT YOUR RESTAURANT/HOTEL INDUSTRY KNOWLEDGE TO WORK!  The Illinois Institute of Art has an employment opportunity for a Career Services Advisor at our Culinary school located in downtown Chicago. This position will oversee student employment activities such as assisting students with part-time job and internship searches, marketing students for interviews, planning and coordinating job fairs, working closely with the education and admissions team and keeping up-to-date on industry trends. The ideal candidate should have a human resources background, great on the telephone, good writing skills and be a goal oriented self starter."	[put your restaurant/hotel industry knowledge to work!  the illinois institute of art has an employment opportunity for a career services advisor at our culinary school located in downtown chicago. this position will oversee student employment activities such as assisting students with part-time job and internship searches, marketing students for interviews, planning and coordinating job fairs, working closely with the education and admissions team and keeping up-to-date on industry trends. the ideal candidate should have a human resources background, great on the telephone, good writing skills and be a goal oriented self starter.]	[21]	[21]	21.27	Career Services Advisor	1.0	1	0	Career Services Advisor
v2	Family Preservation Coordinator	"Primary Responsibilities:  •Liaison for the Center with DCFS, DMH and the lead agency, the Boys & Girls Club.  In addition, there are two more new lead agencies, Valley Trauma Center and the Assistance League and their roles have not yet been defined.  The lead agencies provide in-home assistance, transportation and attempt to get other needed services for families. •Prepare monthly report for DMH •Attend weekly Family Preservation Pre-Screening Committee at DCFS •Attend Family Preservation Network meeting every other month at B&G club •Attend initial MCPC’s for new cases identified as needing mental health services •Maintain roster of all Family Preservation cases •Assign cases to general staff as needed and make sure that they are intakes and assigned within 2-4 weeks •Review referral information from B&G Club and from the other two new agencies and obtain any further information needed to make treatment decision •Coordinate preadmission scheduling with phone screeners •Provide list of cases to lead agencies and cross check with medical records monthly •Track MCPC schedules and remind therapists of upcoming meetings. Provide feedback to MCPC when a therapist is not available to do so •Provide direct service to FP cases, including attending MCPC •Represent Center at periodic training/staff meetings at DCFS and or lead agencies •Facilitate problem solving as needed.  On going contact with the DCFS Social Workers, lead agencies, in-home counselors and therapists.  Schedule: Monday through Friday, 37.5 hours a week, including some evenings"	[primary responsibilities:  •liaison for the center with dcfs, dmh and the lead agency, the boys & girls club.  in addition, there are two more new lead agencies, valley trauma center and the assistance league and their roles have not yet been defined.  the lead agencies provide in-home assistance, transportation and attempt to get other needed services for families. •prepare monthly report for dmh •attend weekly family preservation pre-screening committee at dcfs •attend family preservation network meeting every other month at b&g club •attend initial mcpc’s for new cases identified as needing mental health services •maintain roster of all family preservation cases •assign cases to general staff as needed and make sure that they are intakes and assigned within 2-4 weeks •review referral information from b&g club and from the other two new agencies and obtain any further information needed to make treatment decision •coordinate preadmission scheduling with phone screeners •provide list of cases to lead agencies and cross check with medical records monthly •track mcpc schedules and remind therapists of upcoming meetings. provide feedback to mcpc when a therapist is not available to do so •provide direct service to fp cases, including attending mcpc •represent center at periodic training/staff meetings at dcfs and, lead agencies •facilitate problem solving as needed.  on going contact with the dcfs social workers, lead agencies, in-home counselors and therapists.  schedule: monday through friday, 37.5 hours a week, including some evenings]	[21]	[21]	21.46	Family Therapist	0.8707892	1	0	"""Family Preservation Coordinator"""
v2	Commercial Litigation Associate	"All phases of commercial litigation, 2 to 5 years is the requirement.  Attorney will be learning as he appears in court under excellent mentorship with top flight litigation partners. This ia a major Phoenix firm which is currently undergoing extreme expansion due to case load. Background in commercial litigation is a must."	[all phases of commercial litigation, 2 to 5 years is the requirement.  attorney will be learning as he appears in court under excellent mentorship with top flight litigation partners. this ia a major phoenix firm which is currently undergoing extreme expansion due to case load. background in commercial litigation is a must.]	[23]	[23]	23.6	Litigation Attorney	0.9167966	1	0	Litigation Attorney
v2	Commercial Litigation Associate Attorney	Major Memphis firm with multiple offices in Arkansas and Mississipi seeks associate to do general commercial litigation.  Great opportunity for the associate who would like to move to a major firm and be on track to partner.  Great mentorship and court room experience.	[major memphis firm with multiple offices in arkansas and mississipi seeks associate to do general commercial litigation.  great opportunity for the associate who would like to move to a major firm and be on track to partner.  great mentorship and court room experience.]	[23]	[23]	23.6	Litigation Attorney	1.0	1	0	Litigation Attorney
v2	Commercial Litigation Trial Attorney	Major Phoenix firm is seeking a senior commercial trial attorney with at least fifteen years of sophisticated commercial litigation experience.  Must have a substantial client base of their own. This is an opportunity for someone who is currently in a major law firm and desires either to transfer to another firm in Phoenix or move their practice to Phoenix from another city. NOTE WELL:  For this position you must have a substantial client following.  The opportunity is great since the law firm shall substantially increase your practice and provide all the support necesary for taking your practice to the next level.	[major phoenix firm is seeking a senior commercial trial attorney with at least fifteen years of sophisticated commercial litigation experience.  must have a substantial client base of their own. this is an opportunity for someone who is currently in a major law firm and desires either to transfer to another firm in phoenix, move their practice to phoenix from another city. note well:  for this position you must have a substantial client following.  the opportunity is great since the law firm shall substantially increase your practice and provide all the support necesary for taking your practice to the next level.]	[23]	[23]	23.22	Trial Attorney	0.763172	1	0	Trial Attorney
v2	"Para Professional (Teaching Assistant) ESL, Spc Ed, Early Chldhd"	"The Kansas City, Missouri School District was organized in 1867 to meet the needs of 2,150 children. Today, the district educates more than 28,000 children. The urban district offers a rich multi-ethnic, multi-cultural mix of students. In 1984, as part of the most comprehensive desegregation plan in the country, a court-ordered capital improvement program brought new or renovated facilities, state-of-the-art equipment, small class sizes and innovative magnet themes to the district. In 1998, the district converted half its magnet schools to neighborhood schools. Magnet themes remain at three high schools, three middle schools, and 15 elementary schools.  The Para Professional will assist teachers in one or more of the following classes; (ESL) English as a Second language, Special Education, Early Childhood or Elementary Education. Duties many include, but not be limited to:  Perform routine supervisory duties such as classroom, hallways, playground, and lunchroom.  Research and assemble materials to be used for a particular unit, as instructed by teacher. Prepare bulletin boards, graphs and charts. Help in the care of the classroom. Read to students, listens to students read. Assist in individual or group activities, games, etc. Assist students in interpreting and following directions. Alert teacher to needs of students. Assist with field trips. Perform any other non-instructional responsibility assigned by the teacher."	[the kansas city, missouri school district was organized in 1867 to meet the needs of 2,150 children. today, the district educates more than 28,000 children. the urban district offers a rich multi-ethnic, multi-cultural mix of students. in 1984, as part of the most comprehensive desegregation plan in the country, a court-ordered capital improvement program brought new, renovated facilities, state-of-the-art equipment, small class sizes and innovative magnet themes to the district. in 1998, the district converted half its magnet schools to neighborhood schools. magnet themes remain at three high schools, three middle schools, and 15 elementary schools.  the para professional will assist teachers in one, more of the following classes; (esl) english as a second language, special education, early childhood, elementary education. duties many include, but not be limited to:  perform routine supervisory duties such as classroom, hallways, playground, and lunchroom.  research and assemble materials to be used for a particular unit, as instructed by teacher. prepare bulletin boards, graphs and charts. help in the care of the classroom. read to students, listens to students read. assist in individual, group activities, games, etc. assist students in interpreting and following directions. alert teacher to needs of students. assist with field trips. perform any other non-instructional responsibility assigned by the teacher.]	[25]	[25]	25.44	Teaching Assistant	1.0	1	0	Teaching Assistant
v2	Elementary Reading Teacher	"Thank you for your interest in the part-time teaching position with the Ambler Area YMCA which is posted on Careerbuilder.com. The Ambler YMCA has been awarded a grant to start a reading enrichment program (known as KidzLit) to be offered at our ten afterschool sites located in Upper Dublin and Wissahickon School Districts. The target audience will be 150 students in grades three through eight. KidzLit will be offered for the first time in January 2004. The position starts as soon as possible to allow sufficient time to develop and plan the curriculum. The teacher will lead an age appropriate reading class at each of the ten locations once over a ten day cycle. The position will involve working four hours a day, 2- 6 PM, Monday through Friday during the school year. The hourly rate is $12.00. Interviews will be conducted at the Ambler YMCA main branch. If you wish to interview for this position, please indicate your availability in an email to: Lrote@philaymca.org"	[thank you for your interest in the part-time teaching position with the ambler area ymca which is posted on careerbuilder.com. the ambler ymca has been awarded a grant to start a reading enrichment program (known as kidzlit) to be offered at our ten afterschool sites located in upper dublin and wissahickon school districts. the target audience will be 150 students in grades three through eight. kidzlit will be offered for the first time in january 2004. the position starts as soon as possible to allow sufficient time to develop and plan the curriculum. the teacher will lead an age appropriate reading class at each of the ten locations once over a ten day cycle. the position will involve working four hours a day, 2- 6 pm, monday through friday during the school year. the hourly rate is $12.00. interviews will be conducted at the ambler ymca main branch. if you wish to interview for this position, please indicate your availability in an email to: lrote@philaymca.org]	[25]	[25]	25.103	Reading Teacher	0.8615106	1	0	Reading Teacher
v2	Preschool Associate Teacher	"Founded in 1986, Bright Horizons Family Solutions, the world's leading provider of employer sponsored child care, early education and work/life solutions. Bright Horizons, which is publicly traded on the NASDAQ under the ticker symbol BFAM, manages more than 460 Family Centers for more than 350 clients, which include 88 of the Fortune 500. Bright Horizons Family Solutions has been chosen as one of Fortune magazines ""100 Best Companies to Work for in America"" five consecutive years. Our teachers will provide our children with a safe, nurturing and educational environment.  They will help to design and implement a developmentally appropriate curriculum based on guidelines of BFAM and NAEYC.  They will maintain positive relationships with children, families, co-workers and clients."	[founded in 1986, bright horizons family solutions, the world's leading provider of employer sponsored child care, early education and work/life solutions. bright horizons, which is publicly traded on the nasdaq under the ticker symbol bfam, manages more than 460 family centers for more than 350 clients, which include 88 of the fortune 500. bright horizons family solutions has been chosen as one of fortune magazines 100 best companies to work for in america five consecutive years. our teachers will provide our children with a safe, nurturing and educational environment.  they will help to design and implement a developmentally appropriate curriculum based on guidelines of bfam and naeyc.  they will maintain positive relationships with children, families, co-workers and clients.]	[25]	[25]	25.1	Preschool Teacher	0.7007259	1	0	Preschool Teacher
v2	Internet Graphic Designer	Our growing Internet/Software Development company is looking for a full time graphic designer to enhance our creative team. Challenging and diverse projects in electronic design await the right candidate.	[our growing internet/software development company is looking for a full time graphic designer to enhance our creative team. challenging and diverse projects in electronic design await the right candidate.]	[27, 15]	[27]	27.1	Graphic Designer	1.0	1	0	Graphic Designer
v2	Public Relations Manager	"Regional Advertising/Public Relations Agency located in Sheboygan, WI is seeking a Public Relations Manager to work with a variety of clients.  Responsbilities will include:  -Manage day-to-day account activity -Maintain primary interface with clients -Implement new account programs, plans and strategies -Provide on-going communication to client and team members -Ascertain appropriate objectives -Produce status reports for account team, including budgets and billable hours -Delegate action items from weekly client conference calls and account meetings -Learns and understands a client competitively in the industry and marketplace -Remains familiar with all trade media relevant to client business -Secures placements with ""platnium"" media in key consumer and business publications -Consistently drives brainstorms and creates plans for clients -Regularly participates in new business pitchese -Competently and cost-efficiently identifies and manages vendors -Books and staffs numerous media tours with trade and consumer media and analysts -Staffs and coordinates media appointments at relevant trade shows -Effectively coordinates logistics for special events, product launches, and trade shows -Performs agency administrative functions (timesheets, expenses reports, vendors invoices, etc.) in a timely manner"	[regional advertising/public relations agency located in sheboygan, wi is seeking a public relations manager to work with a variety of clients.  responsbilities will include:  -manage day-to-day account activity -maintain primary interface with clients -implement new account programs, plans and strategies -provide on-going communication to client and team members -ascertain appropriate objectives -produce status reports for account team, including budgets and billable hours -delegate action items from weekly client conference calls and account meetings -learns and understands a client competitively in the industry and marketplace -remains familiar with all trade media relevant to client business -secures placements with platnium media in key consumer and business publications -consistently drives brainstorms and creates plans for clients -regularly participates in new business pitchese -competently and cost-efficiently identifies and manages vendors -books and staffs numerous media tours with trade and consumer media and analysts -staffs and coordinates media appointments at relevant trade shows -effectively coordinates logistics for special events, product launches, and trade shows -performs agency administrative functions (timesheets, expenses reports, vendors invoices, etc.) in a timely manner]	[11, 27]	[27]	27.189	Media Relations Manager	0.5846959	1	0	Public Relations Manager
v2	GRAPHIC DESIGNER	"Senior and Junior Graphic Designers needed to do page layout and templates, create special charts and graphics on a daily basis. Create photo/illustrative graphics and charts. You should have knowledge of all leading edge web-creation tools with a willingness to explore new ones and implement their use. Solid experience in information design with a background in editorial content creation and production from both a graphic design and technical perspective. Please include any appropriate UTLs or samples along with resume."	[senior and junior graphic designers needed to do page layout and templates, create special charts and graphics on a daily basis. create photo/illustrative graphics and charts. you should have knowledge of all leading edge web-creation tools with a willingness to explore new ones and implement their use. solid experience in information design with a background in editorial content creation and production from both a graphic design and technical perspective. please include any appropriate utls, samples along with resume.]	[27, 15]	[27]	27.1	Graphic Designer	1.0	1	1	Graphic Designer
v2	Media Planner	"Primary Purpose: To plan and execute media (broadcast, print, direct mail, online) and public relations plans to ensure maximum return on investment for clients.  Responsibilities: The Media Planner will:  1. In cooperation with account representatives and under the direction of the Media Director design media strategies and schedules for assigned client media campaigns.  Supervise the buying and implementation of those schedules: negotiate, place and monitor/maintain client messages, programs, and promotions in assigned media and ensure that all media placed is properly billed.   *Infomercial radio placement: Analyze past results; design media recommendations and strategies, supervise buyer in scheduling current avails; confirm, check budgets and rates; and ensure proper execution and billing.   *Ongoing radio placement: Analyze results; research new markets and stations; supervise buying process: review, negotiate, and recommend rates and time avails; and ensure proper billing.   *List rental placement: Analyze results; recommend strategies and schedules, review and collaborate with broker on list recommendation; supervise execution process and maintenance of schedule; and ensure proper billing.   *Print media placement: Analyze results; review and recommend strategies, schedules and budget; research and recommend publications; supervise and ensure rate negotiation; and ensure proper execution and billing.  2. Work with the Media Director in the review of media response analysis so that media plans can be modified to increase effectiveness and account representatives can make decisions that more cost effectively achieve client objectives.  3. Manage and develop, review and dismiss personnel working in supportive roles.  4. Develop and maintain programs to foster good relationships with media representatives.  5. Work with client teams to develop and maintain public relations programs that create a positive and receptive context for clients' messages and offers.  6. Assume all Account Executive responsibility for various ongoing radio accounts.  7. Collaborate with Online Services Manager to initiate and develop the media department's role within the agency's online media services.  8. Perform other Media Placement responsibilities as requested."	[primary purpose: to plan and execute media (broadcast, print, direct mail, online) and public relations plans to ensure maximum return on investment for clients.  responsibilities: the media planner will:  1. in cooperation with account representatives and under the direction of the media director design media strategies and schedules for assigned client media campaigns.  supervise the buying and implementation of those schedules: negotiate, place and monitor/maintain client messages, programs, and promotions in assigned media and ensure that all media placed is properly billed.   *infomercial radio placement: analyze past results; design media recommendations and strategies, supervise buyer in scheduling current avails; confirm, check budgets and rates; and ensure proper execution and billing.   *ongoing radio placement: analyze results; research new markets and stations; supervise buying process: review, negotiate, and recommend rates and time avails; and ensure proper billing.   *list rental placement: analyze results; recommend strategies and schedules, review and collaborate with broker on list recommendation; supervise execution process and maintenance of schedule; and ensure proper billing.   *print media placement: analyze results; review and recommend strategies, schedules and budget; research and recommend publications; supervise and ensure rate negotiation; and ensure proper execution and billing.  2. work with the media director in the review of media response analysis so that media plans can be modified to increase effectiveness and account representatives can make decisions that more cost effectively achieve client objectives.  3. manage and develop, review and dismiss personnel working in supportive roles.  4. develop and maintain programs to foster good relationships with media representatives.  5. work with client teams to develop and maintain public relations programs that create a positive and receptive context for clients' messages and offers.  6. assume all account executive responsibility for various ongoing radio accounts.  7. collaborate with online services manager to initiate and develop the media department's role within the agency's online media services.  8. perform other media placement responsibilities as requested.]	[27]	[27]	27.89	Media Planner	1.0	1	1	Media Planner
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Surgery, Progressive Care Carondelet Health Network is southern Arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  We are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  We continually recruit for qualified RNs in all specialities.  Facility: Carondelet Health Network  Description: Carondelet Health Network is southern Arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  We are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  We are one of the top 15 employers in the area with close to 4,000 employees and 1800 physicians with practicing privileges.  Our healing mission remains the same as it was over a century ago when the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet journeyed from France to serve the diocese in Missouri; to provide for the health care needs of our community, to embrace the whole person in mind, body, and spirit; and to serve people equally.  Carondelet St. Mary's Hospital, located on the west side of Tucson, is a 214 bed facility which including Southern Arizona's only specialized Burn &amp; Wound Care Program.  St. Mary's offers a 50,000 square foot center for Outpatient Rehabilitation and operates one of the busiest Emergency Rooms with a base for Lifeline's emergency response helcopters.  Carondelet St. Joseph's Hospital, located on the east side of Tucson, is a 207 bed facility with an emphasis on outpatient care.  St. Joseph's offers specialized care in diabetes, cardiac &amp; pulmonary rehabilitation and obstetrics.  Carondelet Holy Cross Hospital, located in Santa Cruz county, is a 80 bed facility providing general medical/surgical services.  Holy Cross brings advanced technology to the community through its renal dialysis program, tele-radiology, mobile MRI and lithotripsy programs.  Community: Tucson is one of Arizona's major metropolitan areas with a population of approximately 800,000.  Home to the University of Arizona Champion Wildcat Basketball Team and solid Football Team.  Marvelous year round weather climate that allows much outdoor activities such as tennis, swimming, golf, bike &amp; hiking trails, and horseback riding.  In the month of February Tucson is the home for the largest Gem &amp; Mineral Show in the world with buyers from all over the world showing their gems."	[profession: nursing specialties: surgery, progressive care carondelet health network is southern arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  we are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  we continually recruit for qualified rns in all specialities.  facility: carondelet health network  description: carondelet health network is southern arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  we are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  we are one of the top 15 employers in the area with close to 4,000 employees and 1800 physicians with practicing privileges.  our healing mission remains the same as it was over a century ago when the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet journeyed from france to serve the diocese in missouri; to provide for the health care needs of our community, to embrace the whole person in mind, body, and spirit; and to serve people equally.  carondelet st. mary's hospital, located on the west side of tucson, is a 214 bed facility which including southern arizona's only specialized burn &amp; wound care program.  st. mary's offers a 50,000 square foot center for outpatient rehabilitation and operates one of the busiest emergency rooms with a base for lifeline's emergency response helcopters.  carondelet st. joseph's hospital, located on the east side of tucson, is a 207 bed facility with an emphasis on outpatient care.  st. joseph's offers specialized care in diabetes, cardiac &amp; pulmonary rehabilitation and obstetrics.  carondelet holy cross hospital, located in santa cruz county, is a 80 bed facility providing general medical/surgical services.  holy cross brings advanced technology to the community through its renal dialysis program, tele-radiology, mobile mri and lithotripsy programs.  community: tucson is one of arizona's major metropolitan areas with a population of approximately 800,000.  home to the university of arizona champion wildcat basketball team and solid football team.  marvelous year round weather climate that allows much outdoor activities such as tennis, swimming, golf, bike &amp; hiking trails, and horseback riding.  in the month of february tucson is the home for the largest gem &amp; mineral show in the world with buyers from all over the world showing their gems.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	RN - 4 Central	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for an RN to join their highly qualified team. There are PRN positions available at this time.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for an rn to join their highly qualified team. there are prn positions available at this time.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	RN - 4 South Tower Oncology	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for anRN to join their highly qualified team. There are 2 weekend positions available at this time.  7:00am - 7:00pm.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for anrn to join their highly qualified team. there are 2 weekend positions available at this time.  7:00am - 7:00pm.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.6937306	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	RN - 5 Central	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for an RN to join their highly qualified team. There are 3 weekend positions available at this time.  7:00am - 7:00pm.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for an rn to join their highly qualified team. there are 3 weekend positions available at this time.  7:00am - 7:00pm.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	RN - 5 South Tower	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for an RN to join their highly qualified team. There is one PRN position available at this time.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for an rn to join their highly qualified team. there is one prn position available at this time.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.8762178	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse - 3 Central	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for aRN to join their highly qualified team. There are 2 weekend positions available at this time.  7:00pm - 7:00am, 7:00am - 7:00pm.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for arn to join their highly qualified team. there are 2 weekend positions available at this time.  7:00pm - 7:00am, 7:00am - 7:00pm.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.8873459	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse - 3 Central	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for aRN to join their highly qualified team. There are 6 positions available at this time.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for arn to join their highly qualified team. there are 6 positions available at this time.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.8873459	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	RN- Emergency Services.	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for an RN to join their highly qualified team. There are 7 Full time positions available at this time.  9a - 5p, 7a- 7p, 11a - 11p, 7p - 3a.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for an rn to join their highly qualified team. there are 7 full time positions available at this time.  9a - 5p, 7a- 7p, 11a - 11p, 7p - 3a.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.13	Emergency Room (ER) Nurse	0.87837553	1	0	Emergency Room (ER) Nurse
v2	RN- Emergency Services.	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for an RN to join their highly qualified team. There are 2 PRN positions available at this time.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for an rn to join their highly qualified team. there are 2 prn positions available at this time.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.13	Emergency Room (ER) Nurse	0.87837553	1	0	Emergency Room (ER) Nurse
v2	"Registered Nurse - Perioperative Nursing, PACU"	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Perioperative Nursing, PACU Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for aRN to join their highly qualified team. There is ONE full time position available. 6:45a- 3:15p.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility   Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: perioperative nursing, pacu memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for arn to join their highly qualified team. there is one full time position available. 6:45a- 3:15p.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility   community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.66	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse - NICU	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Neonatal ICU Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for an RN to join their highly qualified team. There are 3 PRN position available.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: neonatal icu memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for an rn to join their highly qualified team. there are 3 prn position available.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.30	Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) Nurse	0.62757	1	0	Neonatal Intensive Care Unit (NICU) Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse - Renal Dialysis	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Renal Memorial Hospital Jacksonville is currently searching for anRN to join their highly qualified team. There are 2 full time positions available.  8a - 6p, 7a - 7p.  Facility: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville  Description: Memorial Hospital Jacksonville, as one of the 100 Top Hospital Benchmarks for Success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. Memorial Hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. It features a new state-of-the-art Women's Center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. Memorial Hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   It is also one of the only hospitals in Northeast Florida to perform PET scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. Memorial Hospital is accredited with commendation by the JCAHO.   With exemplary care, easy accessibility  Community: Jacksonville's history spans several centuriesJacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  Mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the Old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called Jacksonville. It is one of the oldest and largest cities in the United States. The St. Johns River is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of Jacksonville. The sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. It is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the South. Southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue."	[profession: nursing specialties: renal memorial hospital jacksonville is currently searching for anrn to join their highly qualified team. there are 2 full time positions available.  8a - 6p, 7a - 7p.  facility: memorial hospital jacksonville  description: memorial hospital jacksonville, as one of the 100 top hospital benchmarks for success, was founded in 1969, as a full-service, acute care hospital with 353 beds, a staff of over 1,900 and more than 700 physicians. memorial hospital offers a comprehensive range of medical/surgical services including areas of excellence in oncology, cardiology, obstetrics, gynecology, orthopedics and critical care. it features a new state-of-the-art women's center, which offers the latest in maternity care and a full range of medical services for women of all ages. memorial hospital also features a newly expanded emergency department, which includes a minor care area for quickly diagnosed and treated emergencies.   it is also one of the only hospitals in northeast florida to perform pet scans, a non-invasive procedure to detect early heart disease. memorial hospital is accredited with commendation by the jcaho.   with exemplary care, easy accessibility  community: jacksonville's history spans several centuriesjacksonville's 841 square miles have a rich historical heritage.  mix together historical landmarks, renovated old neighborhoods, skyscrapers and the ambiance of the old south and you have a sophisticated thriving metropolis called jacksonville. it is one of the oldest and largest cities in the united states. the st. johns river is the nations longest north flowing river and it loops through the heart of jacksonville. the sun beats down on the water and cast glimmering shadows against the tall glass skyscrapers. it is considered one the banking and insurance capitals of the south. southern charm merging with advanced technology make this locale a place of intrigue.]	[29]	[29]	29.63	Dialysis Nurse	1.0	1	0	Dialysis Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse - Critical Care	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Critical Care Saint Agnes Medical Center, located in the Central Valley region of California, is currently seeking a qualified Registered Nurse.  Reporting and accountable to the Nurse Manager/Director,  responsible for coordinating and delivering patient care using the nursing process.  After appropriate educational preparation, is capable of expanding the scope of practice in the care of critically ill patients.  Facility: Saint Agnes Medical Center  Description: Saint Agnes Medical Center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of Central California for over 70 years.  Community: Located at the heart of Central California's San Joaquin Valley, Fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. Originally a water stop for the Southern Pacific Railroad, Fresno soon became the 'Agribusiness Capitol of the World.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: critical care saint agnes medical center, located in the central valley region of california, is currently seeking a qualified registered nurse.  reporting and accountable to the nurse manager/director,  responsible for coordinating and delivering patient care using the nursing process.  after appropriate educational preparation, is capable of expanding the scope of practice in the care of critically ill patients.  facility: saint agnes medical center  description: saint agnes medical center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of central california for over 70 years.  community: located at the heart of central california's san joaquin valley, fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. originally a water stop for the southern pacific railroad, fresno soon became the 'agribusiness capitol of the world.']	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse--Coronary Care	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Cardiology/Telemetry Saint Agnes Medical Center, located in the Central Valley region of California, is currently seeking a qualified Registered Nurse.  Reporting and accountable to the Nurse Manager,Progressive Care/Coronary Care,and accountable to the Unit Coordinator, responsible for coordinating and delivering patient care utilizing the nursing process.  The Registered Nurse, after appropriate educational preparation, is capable of expanding the scope of practice in the Coronary Care Unit.  Facility: Saint Agnes Medical Center  Description: Saint Agnes Medical Center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of Central California for over 70 years.  Community: Located at the heart of Central California's San Joaquin Valley, Fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. Originally a water stop for the Southern Pacific Railroad, Fresno soon became the 'Agribusiness Capitol of the World.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: cardiology/telemetry saint agnes medical center, located in the central valley region of california, is currently seeking a qualified registered nurse.  reporting and accountable to the nurse manager,progressive care/coronary care,and accountable to the unit coordinator, responsible for coordinating and delivering patient care utilizing the nursing process.  the registered nurse, after appropriate educational preparation, is capable of expanding the scope of practice in the coronary care unit.  facility: saint agnes medical center  description: saint agnes medical center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of central california for over 70 years.  community: located at the heart of central california's san joaquin valley, fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. originally a water stop for the southern pacific railroad, fresno soon became the 'agribusiness capitol of the world.']	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.5841092	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Nurse Manager--Medical-Surgical	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Management Saint Agnes Medical Center, located in the Central Valley region of California, is currently seeking a qualified Nurse Manager.  Reporting to the Director, Medical Surgical Services, has shared twenty-four hour accountability for managing all aspects of patient care in the assigned units, coordinating the level of care with identified patient needs, providing clinical support to staff, and ensuring continual quality improvement and fiscal accountability.  The major responsibilities of this position will be on the night shift with flexible hours.  Facility: Saint Agnes Medical Center  Description: Saint Agnes Medical Center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of Central California for over 70 years.  Community: Located at the heart of Central California's San Joaquin Valley, Fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. Originally a water stop for the Southern Pacific Railroad, Fresno soon became the 'Agribusiness Capitol of the World.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: management saint agnes medical center, located in the central valley region of california, is currently seeking a qualified nurse manager.  reporting to the director, medical surgical services, has shared twenty-four hour accountability for managing all aspects of patient care in the assigned units, coordinating the level of care with identified patient needs, providing clinical support to staff, and ensuring continual quality improvement and fiscal accountability.  the major responsibilities of this position will be on the night shift with flexible hours.  facility: saint agnes medical center  description: saint agnes medical center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of central california for over 70 years.  community: located at the heart of central california's san joaquin valley, fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. originally a water stop for the southern pacific railroad, fresno soon became the 'agribusiness capitol of the world.']	[11, 29]	[29]	29.31152	Medical-Surgical Nurse Manager	0.6417917	1	0	Medical-Surgical Nurse Manager
v2	STAFF REGISTERED NURSE/RECOVERY ROOM	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Recovery Room/Step Down Coordinates total nursing care for patients, participates in patient and family teaching, acts as a patient/family advocate, and works with other nursing and ancillary personnel to maintain standards for professional nursing practice.  Facility: Wilson Medical Center  Description: Committed to Community: Wilson Medical represents the best of community medicine and a continuum of services that  include a 315-bed hospital, nursing care center, child care center, home care and hospice company, durable medical equipment company, and a health care foundation. Wilson Medical Center  includes a same-day surgery center, 24-hour emergency department, birth center, outpatient laboratory service, satellite primary care center, wellness department, palliative care center, gastroenterology/endoscopy center, cardiac catheterization center, sleep laboratory, and an imaging center that includes advanced diagnostic procedures such as MRI, CT, mammography, ultrasound, bone densitometry and stereotaxis.Wilson Medical's  mission is to provide a system for the delivery of quality health care at competitive prices in Wilson County and neighboring communities. Ninety-five percent of the health services residents need can be found at Wilson Medical. By networking with other health care providers, Wilson Medical Center  is able to meet 100 percent of these needs.  Community: Whether you're looking for Southern hospitality, the East Coast's largest antique market, historic homes and sights, one of Eastern North Carolina's most popular attractions for kids, superb golfing, or the best plate of pork barbecue, Wilson is the place for you. Wilson is named for General Louis Dicken Wilson (1789-1841) who was a state senator and an early advocate of the public school movement. Incorporated in 1849 as a farm market, Wilson has taken great care to preserve its past. Called one of North Carolina's most beautiful cities, with an abundance of treasures and simple pleasures, Wilson is full of fun, nostalgia, and historic sites, just waiting for your discovery."	[profession: nursing specialties: recovery room/step down coordinates total nursing care for patients, participates in patient and family teaching, acts as a patient/family advocate, and works with other nursing and ancillary personnel to maintain standards for professional nursing practice.  facility: wilson medical center  description: committed to community: wilson medical represents the best of community medicine and a continuum of services that  include a 315-bed hospital, nursing care center, child care center, home care and hospice company, durable medical equipment company, and a health care foundation. wilson medical center  includes a same-day surgery center, 24-hour emergency department, birth center, outpatient laboratory service, satellite primary care center, wellness department, palliative care center, gastroenterology/endoscopy center, cardiac catheterization center, sleep laboratory, and an imaging center that includes advanced diagnostic procedures such as mri, ct, mammography, ultrasound, bone densitometry and stereotaxis.wilson medical's  mission is to provide a system for the delivery of quality health care at competitive prices in wilson county and neighboring communities. ninety-five percent of the health services residents need can be found at wilson medical. by networking with other health care providers, wilson medical center  is able to meet 100 percent of these needs.  community: whether you're looking for southern hospitality, the east coast's largest antique market, historic homes and sights, one of eastern north carolina's most popular attractions for kids, superb golfing,, the best plate of pork barbecue, wilson is the place for you. wilson is named for general louis dicken wilson (1789-1841) who was a state senator and an early advocate of the public school movement. incorporated in 1849 as a farm market, wilson has taken great care to preserve its past. called one of north carolina's most beautiful cities, with an abundance of treasures and simple pleasures, wilson is full of fun, nostalgia, and historic sites, just waiting for your discovery.]	[29]	[29]	29.150	Recovery Room Nurse	0.5193552	1	0	Recovery Room Nurse
v2	STAFF REGISTERED/WILMED NURSING CARE CENTER	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Long Term Care Coordinates total nursing care for residents, participates in resident and family teaching, acts as a resident/family advocate, and works with other nursing and ancillary personnel to maintain standards for professional nursing practice  Facility: Wilson Medical Center  Description: Committed to Community: Wilson Memorial represents the best of community medicine and a continuum of services that  include a 315-bed hospital, nursing care center, child care center, home care and hospice company, durable medical equipment company, and a health care foundation. Wilson Memorial Hospital includes a same-day surgery center, 24-hour emergency department, birth center, outpatient laboratory service, satellite primary care center, wellness department, palliative care center, gastroenterology/endoscopy center, cardiac catheterization center, sleep laboratory, and an imaging center that includes advanced diagnostic procedures such as MRI, CT, mammography, ultrasound, bone densitometry and stereotaxis.Wilson Memorial's mission is to provide a system for the delivery of quality health care at competitive prices in Wilson County and neighboring communities. Ninety-five percent of the health services residents need can be found at Wilson Memorial. By networking with other health care providers, Wilson Memorial is able to meet 100 percent of these needs.  Community: Whether you're looking for Southern hospitality, the East Coast's largest antique market, historic homes and sights, one of Eastern North Carolina's most popular attractions for kids, superb golfing, or the best plate of pork barbecue, Wilson is the place for you. Wilson is named for General Louis Dicken Wilson (1789-1841) who was a state senator and an early advocate of the public school movement.Incorporated in 1849 as a farm market, Wilson has taken great care to preserve its past. Called one of North Carolina's most beautiful cities, with an abundance of treasures and simple pleasures, Wilson is full of fun, nostalgia, and historic sites, just waiting for your discovery."	[profession: nursing specialties: long term care coordinates total nursing care for residents, participates in resident and family teaching, acts as a resident/family advocate, and works with other nursing and ancillary personnel to maintain standards for professional nursing practice  facility: wilson medical center  description: committed to community: wilson memorial represents the best of community medicine and a continuum of services that  include a 315-bed hospital, nursing care center, child care center, home care and hospice company, durable medical equipment company, and a health care foundation. wilson memorial hospital includes a same-day surgery center, 24-hour emergency department, birth center, outpatient laboratory service, satellite primary care center, wellness department, palliative care center, gastroenterology/endoscopy center, cardiac catheterization center, sleep laboratory, and an imaging center that includes advanced diagnostic procedures such as mri, ct, mammography, ultrasound, bone densitometry and stereotaxis.wilson memorial's mission is to provide a system for the delivery of quality health care at competitive prices in wilson county and neighboring communities. ninety-five percent of the health services residents need can be found at wilson memorial. by networking with other health care providers, wilson memorial is able to meet 100 percent of these needs.  community: whether you're looking for southern hospitality, the east coast's largest antique market, historic homes and sights, one of eastern north carolina's most popular attractions for kids, superb golfing,, the best plate of pork barbecue, wilson is the place for you. wilson is named for general louis dicken wilson (1789-1841) who was a state senator and an early advocate of the public school movement.incorporated in 1849 as a farm market, wilson has taken great care to preserve its past. called one of north carolina's most beautiful cities, with an abundance of treasures and simple pleasures, wilson is full of fun, nostalgia, and historic sites, just waiting for your discovery.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.8155301	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse - Operating Room	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Operating Room Saint Agnes Medical Center, located in the Central Valley region of California, is currently seeking a qualified Registered Nurse.  Reporting and accountable to the Manager, Surgical Services, Operating Room, responsible for coordinating and delivering patient care utilizing the nursing process.  The Registered Nurse, after appropriate educational preparation, is capable of expanding the scope of practice in the operating room.  Facility: Saint Agnes Medical Center  Description: Saint Agnes Medical Center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of Central California for over 70 years.  Community: Located at the heart of Central California's San Joaquin Valley, Fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. Originally a water stop for the Southern Pacific Railroad, Fresno soon became the 'Agribusiness Capitol of the World.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: operating room saint agnes medical center, located in the central valley region of california, is currently seeking a qualified registered nurse.  reporting and accountable to the manager, surgical services, operating room, responsible for coordinating and delivering patient care utilizing the nursing process.  the registered nurse, after appropriate educational preparation, is capable of expanding the scope of practice in the operating room.  facility: saint agnes medical center  description: saint agnes medical center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of central california for over 70 years.  community: located at the heart of central california's san joaquin valley, fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. originally a water stop for the southern pacific railroad, fresno soon became the 'agribusiness capitol of the world.']	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	RN- SMHC	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider.  Current MO license.  Nights, Day/Evening/PT  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider.  current mo license.  nights, day/evening/pt  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[31]	31.29	Rehabilitation Technician	0.3252654	0	0	Rehabilitation Nurse
v2	"Charge Nurse - EMERGENCY CENTER ($5,000 sign-on bo"	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Emergency Live and work in Houston, Texas.  Current opening for Registered Nurses to work in the Emergency Center.  Requires RN with current Texas Licensure, CPR, ACLS and PALS with a minimum of 2 years acute care experience with one year in an Emergency room setting. Experience as Charge.  Charge Nurse - FT, 7a-7p, 7p-7a                                          Facility: East Houston Regional Medical Center  Description: The facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. Included in the services offered at East Houston are a center for geriatric care, Acute Care for Elders and Diabetes Self-Management Program.This 121-bed facility boasts the only Level IV Trauma Designated Emergency Center in East Harris County. This certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the Emergency Center."	[profession: nursing specialties: emergency live and work in houston, texas.  current opening for registered nurses to work in the emergency center.  requires rn with current texas licensure, cpr, acls and pals with a minimum of 2 years acute care experience with one year in an emergency room setting. experience as charge.  charge nurse - ft, 7a-7p, 7p-7a                                          facility: east houston regional medical center  description: the facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. included in the services offered at east houston are a center for geriatric care, acute care for elders and diabetes self-management program.this 121-bed facility boasts the only level iv trauma designated emergency center in east harris county. this certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the emergency center.]	[29]	[29]	29.40	Charge Nurse	0.90600044	1	0	Charge Nurse
v2	RN- SMHC	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider.  Current MO license.  Nights, 6:45p-7:15a, 3 twelve hours shifts per week, FT.  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider.  current mo license.  nights, 6:45p-7:15a, 3 twelve hours shifts per week, ft.  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[31]	31.29	Rehabilitation Technician	0.3252654	0	0	Rehabilitation Nurse
v2	RN- SMHC	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider.  Current MO license, 1 yr med-surg exp. 7p-7a/Weekend option or PT  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider.  current mo license, 1 yr med-surg exp. 7p-7a/weekend option, pt  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[31]	31.29	Rehabilitation Technician	0.3252654	0	0	Rehabilitation Nurse
v2	RN Shift Coordinator- SMHC	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider.  Current MO license and CPR card. 1 - 3 years experience preferred.  Days/Part-time  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider.  current mo license and cpr card. 1 - 3 years experience preferred.  days/part-time  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[29]	29.32	Clinical Coordinator	0.24662067	1	0	"""Nursing Shift Coordinator"""
v2	RN - Med/Surg	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Medicine/Surgery, Resource Staff Nurse Live and work in Houston, Texas.  Current opening for Registered Nurses to work with Medical unit.  RN will be responsible for managing all assigned personnel, supplies, and equipment on the unit and for  promoting team work with physicians and personnel of other departments. Maintain clinical competencies through continuing education and delegates patient care priorities communsurate with the education and experience of available staff.  RN - PT, 7a-7p -.                                            Facility: East Houston Regional Medical Center  Description: The facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. Included in the services offered at East Houston are a center for geriatric care, Acute Care for Elders and Diabetes Self-Management Program.This 121-bed facility boasts the only Level IV Trauma Designated Emergency Center in East Harris County. This certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the Emergency Center."	[profession: nursing specialties: medicine/surgery, resource staff nurse live and work in houston, texas.  current opening for registered nurses to work with medical unit.  rn will be responsible for managing all assigned personnel, supplies, and equipment on the unit and for  promoting team work with physicians and personnel of other departments. maintain clinical competencies through continuing education and delegates patient care priorities communsurate with the education and experience of available staff.  rn - pt, 7a-7p -.                                            facility: east houston regional medical center  description: the facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. included in the services offered at east houston are a center for geriatric care, acute care for elders and diabetes self-management program.this 121-bed facility boasts the only level iv trauma designated emergency center in east harris county. this certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the emergency center.]	[29]	[29]	29.68	Travel Nurse - Medical/Surgical	1.0	1	0	Medical-Surgical Nurse
v2	"RN-Endoscopy ($5,000 Sigh-on bonus offered to FT E"	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Surgical Tech Live and work in Houston, Texas.  Current opening for Registered Nurse to work full time in the Surgical Services - Endoscopy.    Requires RN with current Texas Licensure, CPR, ACLS and the ability to take call.  Previous experience is preferred.                                           Facility: East Houston Regional Medical Center  Description: The facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. Included in the services offered at East Houston are a center for geriatric care, Acute Care for Elders and Diabetes Self-Management Program.This 121-bed facility boasts the only Level IV Trauma Designated Emergency Center in East Harris County. This certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the Emergency Center."	[profession: allied health specialties: surgical tech live and work in houston, texas.  current opening for registered nurse to work full time in the surgical services - endoscopy.    requires rn with current texas licensure, cpr, acls and the ability to take call.  previous experience is preferred.                                           facility: east houston regional medical center  description: the facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. included in the services offered at east houston are a center for geriatric care, acute care for elders and diabetes self-management program.this 121-bed facility boasts the only level iv trauma designated emergency center in east harris county. this certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the emergency center.]	[29]	[29]	29.139	Endoscopy Nurse	0.6358402	1	0	Endoscopy Nurse
v2	Physical Therapist	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Physical Therapist Live and work in Houston, Texas.  Current opening for Physical Therapist to work part time in the physical therapy department.  Requires current Texas PT License, CPR, 2-3 years acute inpatient and outpatient experience.                                          Facility: East Houston Regional Medical Center  Description: The facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. Included in the services offered at East Houston are a center for geriatric care, Acute Care for Elders and Diabetes Self-Management Program.This 121-bed facility boasts the only Level IV Trauma Designated Emergency Center in East Harris County. This certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the Emergency Center."	[profession: allied health specialties: physical therapist live and work in houston, texas.  current opening for physical therapist to work part time in the physical therapy department.  requires current texas pt license, cpr, 2-3 years acute inpatient and outpatient experience.                                          facility: east houston regional medical center  description: the facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. included in the services offered at east houston are a center for geriatric care, acute care for elders and diabetes self-management program.this 121-bed facility boasts the only level iv trauma designated emergency center in east harris county. this certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the emergency center.]	[29]	[31]	31.2	Physical Therapist Assistant (PTA)	1.0	0	0	Physical Therapist
v2	"RN-Post Anesthesia Care Unit ($5,000 Sign-on bonus"	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Anesthesia (Does not Include CRNA) Live and work in Houston, Texas.  Current opening for Registered Nurses to work in Post Anesthesia Care Unit.    Requires RN with current Texas Licensure, CPR, ACLS, previous PACU experience is preferred, positions also requires to take call and to be cross trained for ENDO and Day Surgery.                                          Facility: East Houston Regional Medical Center  Description: The facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. Included in the services offered at East Houston are a center for geriatric care, Acute Care for Elders and Diabetes Self-Management Program.This 121-bed facility boasts the only Level IV Trauma Designated Emergency Center in East Harris County. This certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the Emergency Center."	[profession: nursing specialties: anesthesia (does not include crna) live and work in houston, texas.  current opening for registered nurses to work in post anesthesia care unit.    requires rn with current texas licensure, cpr, acls, previous pacu experience is preferred, positions also requires to take call and to be cross trained for endo and day surgery.                                          facility: east houston regional medical center  description: the facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. included in the services offered at east houston are a center for geriatric care, acute care for elders and diabetes self-management program.this 121-bed facility boasts the only level iv trauma designated emergency center in east harris county. this certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the emergency center.]	[29]	[29]	29.66	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse
v2	"RN Med/Surg, Mercy Hospital Grayling - Grayling, M"	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Medicine/Surgery Mercy Hospital Grayling offers the best of both worlds – quality, local health care and access to specialists from Munson Medical Center, Trinity Health organizations, and other health care professionals. We are committed to carrying out our mission by providing quality care to all patients and improving the health of our communities. Our 130 bed facility is offers state of the art care serving residents within a five county area. The beds consist of 90 acute care and a 40 bed long term care unit. The emergency room is staffed 24 hours per day.  Full Time /72 hoursShift: Nights   Graduate of accredited school of nursing, Current RN license preferred. Prefer some experience in medical/surgical nursing  Facility: Mercy Hospital  Description: Grayling Hospital is Located appox 200 miles outside of Detroit MI. Our 130 bed facility is offers state of the art care serving residents within a five county area. The beds consist of 90 acute care and a 40 bed long term care unit. The emergency room is staffed 24 hours per day.  Mercy Hospital Grayling is owned by Trinity Health and has a partnership agreement with Munson Healthcare that provides for managerial responsibilities for both Mercy Hospital Grayling and Mercy Hospital Cadillac."	[profession: nursing specialties: medicine/surgery mercy hospital grayling offers the best of both worlds – quality, local health care and access to specialists from munson medical center, trinity health organizations, and other health care professionals. we are committed to carrying out our mission by providing quality care to all patients and improving the health of our communities. our 130 bed facility is offers state of the art care serving residents within a five county area. the beds consist of 90 acute care and a 40 bed long term care unit. the emergency room is staffed 24 hours per day.  full time /72 hoursshift: nights   graduate of accredited school of nursing, current rn license preferred. prefer some experience in medical/surgical nursing  facility: mercy hospital  description: grayling hospital is located appox 200 miles outside of detroit mi. our 130 bed facility is offers state of the art care serving residents within a five county area. the beds consist of 90 acute care and a 40 bed long term care unit. the emergency room is staffed 24 hours per day.  mercy hospital grayling is owned by trinity health and has a partnership agreement with munson healthcare that provides for managerial responsibilities for both mercy hospital grayling and mercy hospital cadillac.]	[29]	[29]	29.68	Travel Nurse - Medical/Surgical	1.0	1	0	Medical-Surgical Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse - Emergency Room	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Emergency Experience &amp; GA licensure required.FT 11a-11p x 2;  7p-7a  Facility: Southern Regional Medical Center  Description: Southern Regional Medical Center--a 410-bed, acute care, JCAHO-accredited hospital--is a premier provider of healthcare services for residents of the Southern Crescent. The Medical Center provides a continuum of services, from inpatient and critical care to rehabilitation and home health.  Community: Clayton County, Georgia, USA is a suburban community located just south of Atlanta's central business district. Home to Hartsfield Atlanta International Airport, the mythical Tara of Margaret Mitchell's Civil War romance, Gone With The Wind and the 1996  Olympic Volleyball venue."	[profession: nursing specialties: emergency experience &amp; ga licensure required.ft 11a-11p x 2;  7p-7a  facility: southern regional medical center  description: southern regional medical center--a 410-bed, acute care, jcaho-accredited hospital--is a premier provider of healthcare services for residents of the southern crescent. the medical center provides a continuum of services, from inpatient and critical care to rehabilitation and home health.  community: clayton county, georgia, usa is a suburban community located just south of atlanta's central business district. home to hartsfield atlanta international airport, the mythical tara of margaret mitchell's civil war romance, gone with the wind and the 1996  olympic volleyball venue.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.5	1	0	Emergency Room (ER) Nurse
v2	RN- SMHC	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider.  Current MO license.  Evenings/FT  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider.  current mo license.  evenings/ft  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse- Medicine/Surgery (4th Flr)	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Medicine/Surgery Frankfort Regional Medical Center currently seeks a Registered Nurse for the 4th floor (Med-Surg) Department.  This is a full time position with 9a-5p (2)7p-7a and 3p-11p shifts.  Facility: Frankfort Regional Medical Center  Description: Nestled in the historic capital city of Frankfort, Kentucky, Frankfort Regional Medical Center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of Franklin, Anderson and surrounding counties. Frankfort Regional Medical Center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs."	[profession: nursing specialties: medicine/surgery frankfort regional medical center currently seeks a registered nurse for the 4th floor (med-surg) department.  this is a full time position with 9a-5p (2)7p-7a and 3p-11p shifts.  facility: frankfort regional medical center  description: nestled in the historic capital city of frankfort, kentucky, frankfort regional medical center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of franklin, anderson and surrounding counties. frankfort regional medical center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Medical-Surgical Nurse
v2	RN- SMHC	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider.  MO license needed.  Nights/PT  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider.  mo license needed.  nights/pt  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Critical Care Unit - RN	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Critical Care Mercy Hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. Founded by the Sisters of Mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. Last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.   Rotation positions. ACLS required after 6 months of employment.  Facility: Mercy Hospital  Description: Mercy Hospital was originally opened as Queen’s Hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. Today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in Maine in terms of inpatients served. We’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: critical care mercy hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. founded by the sisters of mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.   rotation positions. acls required after 6 months of employment.  facility: mercy hospital  description: mercy hospital was originally opened as queen’s hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in maine in terms of inpatients served. we’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the joint commission on accreditation of health care organizations (jcaho), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.']	[29]	[29]	29.16	Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Nurse
v2	Cardiopulmonary Clinical Nurse Specialist	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Cardiology/Telemetry, Pulmonary/Respiratory Mercy Hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. Founded by the Sisters of Mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. Last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  Current Maine State License as RN, Master's in nursing, 5 years clinical nurse experience, three of which must have been in specialty practice, along with advanced interpersonal and analytical skills required.  Facility: Mercy Hospital  Description: Mercy Hospital was originally opened as Queen’s Hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. Today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in Maine in terms of inpatients served. We’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: cardiology/telemetry, pulmonary/respiratory mercy hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. founded by the sisters of mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  current maine state license as rn, master's in nursing, 5 years clinical nurse experience, three of which must have been in specialty practice, along with advanced interpersonal and analytical skills required.  facility: mercy hospital  description: mercy hospital was originally opened as queen’s hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in maine in terms of inpatients served. we’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the joint commission on accreditation of health care organizations (jcaho), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.']	[29]	[29]	29.10	Clinical Nurse	0.77855873	1	0	Clinical Nurse
v2	OR Staff Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Operating Room 1. Verifies the patients surgeon, the patients identity, theoperative site, and assure patients consent for surgery.2. Identifies patients educational needs and learningbarriers.3. Acts as a resource person and provides direction to othermembers of the health care team to ensure comprehensive and safe patientcare.4. Assists with orientation and clinical education on newpersonnel and student nurses.5. Identifies unsafe patient care practice and assumesresponsibility for intervention.6. Assists team members in selecting and preparing routinesupplies, instruments, and equipment for surgical procedures.7. Accompanies patient to room, assists with inductions.8. Completes all required documentation..9. Gives patient status report to PACU nurse once procedureis completed10. Assessment of patient is completed according to unitpolicy.11. Nursing plan of care is developed to meet individualpatient needs according to nursing standards of care/practice.12. Formulates and takes nursing actions to implement planof care: records actions and patient response.13. Potential discharge needs are identified andcommunicated according to policy.14. Delivers care with respect to the individuals spiritualand cultural needs.15. Notifies surgeon and/or anesthesiologist of abnormal labvalues and changes in patient condition.16. When assigned to standby call, responds within specifiedtimeframe.17. Changes in patients physiological and behavioral statusare recognized and documented as they occur.18. Adverse response to care or treatment is recognized.19. Shift reports reflect the patient's status,progress and needs.20. Provides patient education and documentation ofunderstanding regarding tests, procedures, equipment and medications, andthat educationnecessary for the patient to meet continued healthcareneeds.21. Physical-psycho social needs are consistently met forassigned patients.22. Patient care is prioritized and delegated based onpatient needs and skills of staff.23. Provides patient care with consideration of professionalethics. Is aware of hospital ethics policy and utilizes as appropriate.24. Delivers medications according to policy.25. Responds appropriately to life threatening emergencies,(Code Blue, fire disaster)26. Communicates with patients family/significant other onan hourly basis and with any significant status change and appropriatelydocuments.27. May be assigned as charge nurse according to competencyvalidation and departmental needs. Charge nurse duties include but are notlimited to:A. Personnel assignments according to competencies andpatient acuity.B. Scheduling surgical procedures.C. Determining flow of surgical schedule.D. Supervising personnel assigned to staff.E. Communicating all pertinent patient care information tothe appropriate patient care team member and supervising personnel.28. Assists with positioning of patients, providesprotection of pressure points, and keeps body parts in proper alignme"	[profession: nursing specialties: operating room 1. verifies the patients surgeon, the patients identity, theoperative site, and assure patients consent for surgery.2. identifies patients educational needs and learningbarriers.3. acts as a resource person and provides direction to othermembers of the health care team to ensure comprehensive and safe patientcare.4. assists with orientation and clinical education on newpersonnel and student nurses.5. identifies unsafe patient care practice and assumesresponsibility for intervention.6. assists team members in selecting and preparing routinesupplies, instruments, and equipment for surgical procedures.7. accompanies patient to room, assists with inductions.8. completes all required documentation..9. gives patient status report to pacu nurse once procedureis completed10. assessment of patient is completed according to unitpolicy.11. nursing plan of care is developed to meet individualpatient needs according to nursing standards of care/practice.12. formulates and takes nursing actions to implement planof care: records actions and patient response.13. potential discharge needs are identified andcommunicated according to policy.14. delivers care with respect to the individuals spiritualand cultural needs.15. notifies surgeon and/or anesthesiologist of abnormal labvalues and changes in patient condition.16. when assigned to standby call, responds within specifiedtimeframe.17. changes in patients physiological and behavioral statusare recognized and documented as they occur.18. adverse response to care, treatment is recognized.19. shift reports reflect the patient's status,progress and needs.20. provides patient education and documentation ofunderstanding regarding tests, procedures, equipment and medications, andthat educationnecessary for the patient to meet continued healthcareneeds.21. physical-psycho social needs are consistently met forassigned patients.22. patient care is prioritized and delegated based onpatient needs and skills of staff.23. provides patient care with consideration of professionalethics. is aware of hospital ethics policy and utilizes as appropriate.24. delivers medications according to policy.25. responds appropriately to life threatening emergencies,(code blue, fire disaster)26. communicates with patients family/significant other onan hourly basis and with any significant status change and appropriatelydocuments.27. may be assigned as charge nurse according to competencyvalidation and departmental needs. charge nurse duties include but are notlimited to:a. personnel assignments according to competencies andpatient acuity.b. scheduling surgical procedures.c. determining flow of surgical schedule.d. supervising personnel assigned to staff.e. communicating all pertinent patient care information tothe appropriate patient care team member and supervising personnel.28. assists with positioning of patients, providesprotection of pressure points, and keeps body parts in proper alignme]	[29]	[29]	29.12	Staff Nurse	1.0	1	0	Staff Nurse
v2	Labor & Delivery RN	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Labor &amp; Delivery Performs duties in accordance with unit specific standardsof care as evidenced by completion of a competency skills check list.Participates in process improvement teams. Maintains patient/employee confidentiality. Assessment of patient is completed according to unit policy. Patient/family teaching is planned and implemented according to unit policy. Initiates, regulates and monitors administration of medications, parenteral fluids, electrolytes, blood, and blood components accurately. Provides thorough, accurate and timely documentation. Provides patient care with consideration of professional ethics. Is aware of hospital ethics policies and utilizes as appropriate. Ability to perform triage according to the severity of patient conditions. Southern Hills Medical Center is an equal-opportunityemployer.  Description: Originally opened in 1979, this 180-bed acute care medical facility underwent extensive expansion and renovation in 1995 to continue meeting the growing area's needs. This expansion nearly doubled the size of the outpatient, surgical and intensive care facilities as well as Emergency Services. Now offering two emergency medical teams, one for major emergencies, including Level 2 Trauma, and one to provide prompt care for minor ones. Our 24-hour Emergency Department accommodates over 3,000 cases per month."	[profession: nursing specialties: labor &amp; delivery performs duties in accordance with unit specific standardsof care as evidenced by completion of a competency skills check list.participates in process improvement teams. maintains patient/employee confidentiality. assessment of patient is completed according to unit policy. patient/family teaching is planned and implemented according to unit policy. initiates, regulates and monitors administration of medications, parenteral fluids, electrolytes, blood, and blood components accurately. provides thorough, accurate and timely documentation. provides patient care with consideration of professional ethics. is aware of hospital ethics policies and utilizes as appropriate. ability to perform triage according to the severity of patient conditions. southern hills medical center is an equal-opportunityemployer.  description: originally opened in 1979, this 180-bed acute care medical facility underwent extensive expansion and renovation in 1995 to continue meeting the growing area's needs. this expansion nearly doubled the size of the outpatient, surgical and intensive care facilities as well as emergency services. now offering two emergency medical teams, one for major emergencies, including level 2 trauma, and one to provide prompt care for minor ones. our 24-hour emergency department accommodates over 3,000 cases per month.]	[29]	[29]	29.17	Labor and Delivery Nurse	0.8988182	1	0	Labor and Delivery Nurse
v2	"Nurse Coordinator, Pain Center"	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Management, Pain Management Sheperd Center is seeking qualified candidates for an for their new Comprehensive Pain Program. Responsibilities include coordination of nursing care to patients, supervision of clinical personnel, supervision of daily operations including patient flow, handling of problems, staffing demands, etc.  Responsibilities also include development of nursing assessments, standards of care and to ensure that the program is in compliance with JACHO standards for pain programs.  The individual must have supervisory experience and experience in working with patients with pain.  Facility: Shepherd Center  Description: Sheperd Center is a leader in the treatment of patients with spinal cord injury, brain injury, multiple sclerosis and other neuromuscular diseases.  Community: Shepherd Center is located in Buckhead, just north of downtown Atlanta.  Buckhead is a vibrant, stylish area responsible for 96% of Atlanta's job growth from 1985-1995.  There is upscale shopping, beautiful homes/apartments, great schools &amp; plenty of fine dining and casual restaurants.  Buckhead is accessible from all metro-Atlanta areas."	[profession: nursing specialties: management, pain management sheperd center is seeking qualified candidates for an for their new comprehensive pain program. responsibilities include coordination of nursing care to patients, supervision of clinical personnel, supervision of daily operations including patient flow, handling of problems, staffing demands, etc.  responsibilities also include development of nursing assessments, standards of care and to ensure that the program is in compliance with jacho standards for pain programs.  the individual must have supervisory experience and experience in working with patients with pain.  facility: shepherd center  description: sheperd center is a leader in the treatment of patients with spinal cord injury, brain injury, multiple sclerosis and other neuromuscular diseases.  community: shepherd center is located in buckhead, just north of downtown atlanta.  buckhead is a vibrant, stylish area responsible for 96% of atlanta's job growth from 1985-1995.  there is upscale shopping, beautiful homes/apartments, great schools &amp; plenty of fine dining and casual restaurants.  buckhead is accessible from all metro-atlanta areas.]	[29]	[29]	29.118	Nurse Coordinator	0.2779888	1	0	Nurse Coordinator
v2	RN-General Surgery	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty), Patient Care Tech/Nursing Asst. Trident Medical Center is currently seeking a per diem RN for General Surgery.  Facility: Trident Medical Center  Description: Trident Medical Center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. Services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, Level II emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. Trident Health System has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the Lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted JCAHO 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  Community: As in other coastal cities, recreation in Charleston centers around water. Tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. The City operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. The City's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. The annual Cooper River Bridge Run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the Southeast. The City's Waterfront Park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by Mayor Riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. Hosts of private and County facilities round out the City's extensive inventory of recreational facilities."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty), patient care tech/nursing asst. trident medical center is currently seeking a per diem rn for general surgery.  facility: trident medical center  description: trident medical center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, level ii emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. trident health system has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted jcaho 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  community: as in other coastal cities, recreation in charleston centers around water. tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. the city operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. the city's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. the annual cooper river bridge run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the southeast. the city's waterfront park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by mayor riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. hosts of private and county facilities round out the city's extensive inventory of recreational facilities.]	[29]	[29]	29.18	Surgical Unit Nurse	0.6590306	1	0	Surgical Unit Nurse
v2	RN-General Surgery 11p -7:30a	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Medicine/Surgery Trident Medical Center is currently seeking a part time RN for General Surgery to work from 11:00 pm - 7:30 am.  Facility: Trident Medical Center  Description: Trident Medical Center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. Services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, Level II emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. Trident Health System has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the Lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted JCAHO 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  Community: As in other coastal cities, recreation in Charleston centers around water. Tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. The City operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. The City's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. The annual Cooper River Bridge Run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the Southeast. The City's Waterfront Park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by Mayor Riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. Hosts of private and County facilities round out the City's extensive inventory of recreational facilities."	[profession: nursing specialties: medicine/surgery trident medical center is currently seeking a part time rn for general surgery to work from 11:00 pm - 7:30 am.  facility: trident medical center  description: trident medical center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, level ii emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. trident health system has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted jcaho 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  community: as in other coastal cities, recreation in charleston centers around water. tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. the city operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. the city's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. the annual cooper river bridge run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the southeast. the city's waterfront park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by mayor riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. hosts of private and county facilities round out the city's extensive inventory of recreational facilities.]	[29]	[29]	29.18	Surgical Unit Nurse	0.6584467	1	0	Surgical Unit Nurse
v2	RN-SPCU PRN	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Surgery Trident Medical Center is currently seeking a part time RN in Surgical services.  Facility: Trident Medical Center  Description: Trident Medical Center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. Services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, Level II emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. Trident Health System has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the Lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted JCAHO 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  Community: As in other coastal cities, recreation in Charleston centers around water. Tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. The City operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. The City's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. The annual Cooper River Bridge Run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the Southeast. The City's Waterfront Park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by Mayor Riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. Hosts of private and County facilities round out the City's extensive inventory of recreational facilities."	[profession: nursing specialties: surgery trident medical center is currently seeking a part time rn in surgical services.  facility: trident medical center  description: trident medical center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, level ii emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. trident health system has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted jcaho 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  community: as in other coastal cities, recreation in charleston centers around water. tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. the city operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. the city's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. the annual cooper river bridge run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the southeast. the city's waterfront park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by mayor riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. hosts of private and county facilities round out the city's extensive inventory of recreational facilities.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.5104366	1	0	Surgical Unit Nurse
v2	Occupational Therapist	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Occupational Therapist The Staff Therapist is responsible for evaluating each patient (pediatric, adolescent, adult, and geriatric) assigned, determining short-term and long-term goals in conjunction with the patient and other Shepherd Center team members, and developing and implementing a comprehensive treatment program to meet these goals.  This PRN position is available in our Spinal Cord Injury Program.  Facility: Shepherd Center  Description: Shepherd Center in Atlanta is a private, not-for-profit hospital specializing in the care of people with spinal cord injury and disease, acquired brain injury, multiple sclerosis and other neuromuscular disorders, and urological problems. The Center houses the largest spinal cord injury program in the country and an official Multiple Sclerosis Center, designated by the National Multiple Sclerosis Society-Georgia Chapter. Serving the Southeast since 1975, the 100-bed specialty hospital offers a continuum of health care services, from intensive care, through rehabilitation, transitional care, day program, outpatient and residential services.  Community: Shepherd Center is located in Buckhead, just north of downtown Atlanta.  Buckhead is a vibrant, stylish area responsible for 96% of Atlanta's job growth from 1985-1995.  There is upscale shopping, beautiful homes/apartments, great schools &amp; plenty of fine dining and casual restaurants.  Buckhead is accessible from all metro-Atlanta areas."	[profession: allied health specialties: occupational therapist the staff therapist is responsible for evaluating each patient (pediatric, adolescent, adult, and geriatric) assigned, determining short-term and long-term goals in conjunction with the patient and other shepherd center team members, and developing and implementing a comprehensive treatment program to meet these goals.  this prn position is available in our spinal cord injury program.  facility: shepherd center  description: shepherd center in atlanta is a private, not-for-profit hospital specializing in the care of people with spinal cord injury and disease, acquired brain injury, multiple sclerosis and other neuromuscular disorders, and urological problems. the center houses the largest spinal cord injury program in the country and an official multiple sclerosis center, designated by the national multiple sclerosis society-georgia chapter. serving the southeast since 1975, the 100-bed specialty hospital offers a continuum of health care services, from intensive care, through rehabilitation, transitional care, day program, outpatient and residential services.  community: shepherd center is located in buckhead, just north of downtown atlanta.  buckhead is a vibrant, stylish area responsible for 96% of atlanta's job growth from 1985-1995.  there is upscale shopping, beautiful homes/apartments, great schools &amp; plenty of fine dining and casual restaurants.  buckhead is accessible from all metro-atlanta areas.]	[29]	[29]	29.4	Occupational Therapist	1.0	1	1	Occupational Therapist
v2	Charge Nurse - Med/Surg	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Medicine/Surgery, Resource Staff Nurse Live and work in Houston, Texas.  Current opening for Registered Nurses to work with Medical unit.  RN will be responsible for managing all assigned personnel, supplies, and equipment on the unit and for  promoting team work with physicians and personnel of other departments. Maintain clinical competencies through continuing education and delegates patient care priorities communsurate with the education and experience of available staff.  Charge Nurse - FT,  7p-7a  - Requires RN with current Texas Licensure, CPR.                                          Facility: East Houston Regional Medical Center  Description: The facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. Included in the services offered at East Houston are a center for geriatric care, Acute Care for Elders and Diabetes Self-Management Program.This 121-bed facility boasts the only Level IV Trauma Designated Emergency Center in East Harris County. This certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the Emergency Center."	[profession: nursing specialties: medicine/surgery, resource staff nurse live and work in houston, texas.  current opening for registered nurses to work with medical unit.  rn will be responsible for managing all assigned personnel, supplies, and equipment on the unit and for  promoting team work with physicians and personnel of other departments. maintain clinical competencies through continuing education and delegates patient care priorities communsurate with the education and experience of available staff.  charge nurse - ft,  7p-7a  - requires rn with current texas licensure, cpr.                                          facility: east houston regional medical center  description: the facility is a comprehensive, community-based facility with many board certified primary and speciality physicians capable of handling a broad range of surgical and medical procedures. included in the services offered at east houston are a center for geriatric care, acute care for elders and diabetes self-management program.this 121-bed facility boasts the only level iv trauma designated emergency center in east harris county. this certification allows the hospital to care for cases of extreme trauma and also allows for quick diagnosis and reduced waiting times for patients visiting the emergency center.]	[29]	[29]	29.40	Charge Nurse	0.76866275	1	0	Charge Nurse
v2	RN-Operating Room	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Operating Room Trident Medical Center is currently seeking a full time(day shift) RN in the OR.  Facility: Trident Medical Center  Description: Trident Medical Center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. Services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, Level II emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. Trident Health System has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the Lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted JCAHO 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  Community: As in other coastal cities, recreation in Charleston centers around water. Tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. The City operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. The City's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. The annual Cooper River Bridge Run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the Southeast. The City's Waterfront Park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by Mayor Riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. Hosts of private and County facilities round out the City's extensive inventory of recreational facilities."	[profession: nursing specialties: operating room trident medical center is currently seeking a full time(day shift) rn in the or.  facility: trident medical center  description: trident medical center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, level ii emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. trident health system has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted jcaho 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  community: as in other coastal cities, recreation in charleston centers around water. tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. the city operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. the city's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. the annual cooper river bridge run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the southeast. the city's waterfront park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by mayor riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. hosts of private and county facilities round out the city's extensive inventory of recreational facilities.]	[29]	[29]	29.73	Cardiovascular Operating Room (CVOR) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Cardiovascular Operating Room (CVOR) Nurse
v2	RN-PACU	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Perioperative Nursing, PACU Trident Medical Center is currently seeking a per diem RN for PACU purposes.  Facility: Trident Medical Center  Description: Trident Medical Center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. Services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, Level II emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. Trident Health System has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the Lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted JCAHO 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  Community: As in other coastal cities, recreation in Charleston centers around water. Tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. The City operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. The City's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. The annual Cooper River Bridge Run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the Southeast. The City's Waterfront Park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by Mayor Riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. Hosts of private and County facilities round out the City's extensive inventory of recreational facilities."	[profession: nursing specialties: perioperative nursing, pacu trident medical center is currently seeking a per diem rn for pacu purposes.  facility: trident medical center  description: trident medical center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, level ii emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. trident health system has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted jcaho 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  community: as in other coastal cities, recreation in charleston centers around water. tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. the city operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. the city's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. the annual cooper river bridge run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the southeast. the city's waterfront park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by mayor riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. hosts of private and county facilities round out the city's extensive inventory of recreational facilities.]	[29]	[29]	29.66	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse
v2	RN-PACU	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Perioperative Nursing, PACU Trident Medical Center is currently seeking a full time RN for PACU purposes.  Facility: Trident Medical Center  Description: Trident Medical Center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. Services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, Level II emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. Trident Health System has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the Lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted JCAHO 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  Community: As in other coastal cities, recreation in Charleston centers around water. Tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. The City operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. The City's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. The annual Cooper River Bridge Run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the Southeast. The City's Waterfront Park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by Mayor Riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. Hosts of private and County facilities round out the City's extensive inventory of recreational facilities."	[profession: nursing specialties: perioperative nursing, pacu trident medical center is currently seeking a full time rn for pacu purposes.  facility: trident medical center  description: trident medical center is a 296-bed, acute-care hospital providing a comprehensive range of services and specialties expected by a major medical center. services include women's and children's; heart; cancer; behavioral health; sports medicine; skilled nursing; speech and hearing; and a 24-hour, level ii emergency room; ambulatory care; surgical. trident health system has earned recognition as a leader in the delivery of healthcare in the lowcountry, as well as the highly coveted jcaho 'accreditation with commendation' for years 1995-1998.  community: as in other coastal cities, recreation in charleston centers around water. tennis and golf are popular, too and the mild climate makes them year-round sports. the city operates a municipal golf course and 40 tennis courts. the city's numerous parks and scenic, tree-lined streets provide ample space and a beautiful backdrop for walking, jogging and cycling. the annual cooper river bridge run, attracting over 25,000 participants, is one of the most popular roadraces in the southeast. the city's waterfront park, deemed 'this generation's gift to the future' by mayor riley, is a popular destination for residents and visitors alike. hosts of private and county facilities round out the city's extensive inventory of recreational facilities.]	[29]	[29]	29.66	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Post-Anesthesia Care unit (PACU) Nurse
v2	Pharmacist In Charge	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Pharmacy Supervisor Park Nicollet Cancer Center in conjuntion with Methodist Hospital Pharmacy has a FT opening for a Pharmacist In Charge for our licensed pharmacy.  Duties include obtaining, preparing and dispensing chemotherapy and IV admixture and other treatment room medications.  Also includes supervising a Pharmacy Tech and acting as an oncology resource for patients and staff.  Facility: Park Nicollet  Description: Park Nicollet Clinic and Methodist Hospital  Community: St Louis Park is in the western suburbs of Minneapolis"	[profession: allied health specialties: pharmacy supervisor park nicollet cancer center in conjuntion with methodist hospital pharmacy has a ft opening for a pharmacist in charge for our licensed pharmacy.  duties include obtaining, preparing and dispensing chemotherapy and iv admixture and other treatment room medications.  also includes supervising a pharmacy tech and acting as an oncology resource for patients and staff.  facility: park nicollet  description: park nicollet clinic and methodist hospital  community: st louis park is in the western suburbs of minneapolis]	[29]	[29]	29.26	Pharmacist	1.0	1	0	Pharmacist
v2	RRT OR CRTT - Respiratory Therapist	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Respiratory Therapist Frankfort Regional Medical Center currently seeks an RRT OR CRTT for the Respiratory Therapist Department.  This is a part time position with night shifts.  Facility: Frankfort Regional Medical Center  Description: Nestled in the historic capital city of Frankfort, Kentucky, Frankfort Regional Medical Center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of Franklin, Anderson and surrounding counties. Frankfort Regional Medical Center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs.  Community: Nestled in the historic capital city of Frankfort, Kentucky, Frankfort Regional Medical Center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of Franklin, Anderson and surrounding counties. Frankfort Regional Medical Center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs."	[profession: allied health specialties: respiratory therapist frankfort regional medical center currently seeks an rrt, crtt for the respiratory therapist department.  this is a part time position with night shifts.  facility: frankfort regional medical center  description: nestled in the historic capital city of frankfort, kentucky, frankfort regional medical center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of franklin, anderson and surrounding counties. frankfort regional medical center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs.  community: nestled in the historic capital city of frankfort, kentucky, frankfort regional medical center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of franklin, anderson and surrounding counties. frankfort regional medical center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs.]	[29]	[29]	29.20	Respiratory Therapist	1.0	1	0	Respiratory Therapist
v2	Endoscopy RN	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Day Surgery/Endoscopy Bay Area Surgicare is seeking qualified candidates to join our professional medical staff.  Positions available include  FT, PT, and Pool.  No holidays, no weekends, and no call.We are one of the largest ambulatory surgery centers in Texas, owned and operated by HCA.  Facility: Bay Area Surgicare  Description: Owned and operated by HCA, Bay Area Surgicare is one of the largest ambualtory surgery centers in Texas."	[profession: nursing specialties: day surgery/endoscopy bay area surgicare is seeking qualified candidates to join our professional medical staff.  positions available include  ft, pt, and pool.  no holidays, no weekends, and no call.we are one of the largest ambulatory surgery centers in texas, owned and operated by hca.  facility: bay area surgicare  description: owned and operated by hca, bay area surgicare is one of the largest ambualtory surgery centers in texas.]	[29]	[29]	29.139	Endoscopy Nurse	0.5697352	1	0	Endoscopy Nurse
v2	Pharmacist-Staff	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Pharmacy Supervisor, Pharmacy Manager Manage the pharmacy operations, improve prescription sales and profits, and ensure courteous and efficient service to patients and customers.  The Pharmacy Manager is the certificate holder for state licensing requirements and holds Power of Attorney for ordering and maintaining controlled substances.  Facility: Kmart"	[profession: allied health specialties: pharmacy supervisor, pharmacy manager manage the pharmacy operations, improve prescription sales and profits, and ensure courteous and efficient service to patients and customers.  the pharmacy manager is the certificate holder for state licensing requirements and holds power of attorney for ordering and maintaining controlled substances.  facility: kmart]	[29]	[29]	29.26	Pharmacist	1.0	1	0	Pharmacist
v2	REGISTERED NURSE-Behavioral Health	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Clinical Coordinator Northridge Hospital Medical Center, Roscoe Blvd. Campus is seeking a REGISTERED NURSE-Behavioral Health:  Requires current California RN license, current Basic Life Support, and a minimum of one (1) year recent nursing experience in related area.  Employment for licensed personnel is contingent upon passing a standarized medication test. Casual per Diem, 3p-11p, 11p-7a  Facility: North Ridge Hospital Medical Center  Description: Northridge Hospital Medical Center’s Roscoe Boulevard Campus began serving the San Fernando Valley in 1955. As the San Fernando Valley grew, so did the medical center, and today it is a major primary and specialty care facility with 426 beds and a life-saving trauma unit.   The hospital provides complete surgical, medical, pediatric and obstetrical care including perinatology and neonatology, as well as specialized heart surgery capabilities, acute rehabilitation, and comprehensive cancer care at the Thomas and Dorothy Leavey Cancer Center.   Northridge Hospital Medical Center is committed to caring for the total healthcare needs of the community – the physically ill, the critically injured, the emotionally distressed, and the healthy.   The hospital’s patients are treated with genuine respect and concern by our dedicated physicians, nurses and other hospital staff."	[profession: nursing specialties: clinical coordinator northridge hospital medical center, roscoe blvd. campus is seeking a registered nurse-behavioral health:  requires current california rn license, current basic life support, and a minimum of one (1) year recent nursing experience in related area.  employment for licensed personnel is contingent upon passing a standarized medication test. casual per diem, 3p-11p, 11p-7a  facility: north ridge hospital medical center  description: northridge hospital medical center’s roscoe boulevard campus began serving the san fernando valley in 1955. as the san fernando valley grew, so did the medical center, and today it is a major primary and specialty care facility with 426 beds and a life-saving trauma unit.   the hospital provides complete surgical, medical, pediatric and obstetrical care including perinatology and neonatology, as well as specialized heart surgery capabilities, acute rehabilitation, and comprehensive cancer care at the thomas and dorothy leavey cancer center.   northridge hospital medical center is committed to caring for the total healthcare needs of the community – the physically ill, the critically injured, the emotionally distressed, and the healthy.   the hospital’s patients are treated with genuine respect and concern by our dedicated physicians, nurses and other hospital staff.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Nurse Educator Maternal Child Health	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Education, Maternal Child Our Staff Development Department seeks a Nurse Educator to plan, direct, coordinate and provide education and orientation to Maternal Child Health Staff.  Candidate will also act as a consultant to various clinical areas, be responsible for quality improvements, and assit in policy development and implementation.  Facility: Vassar Brothers Hospital  Description: Progressive, 315 bed community acute care hospital. Located in the beautiful Hudson Valley, approximately 1.5 hours driving distance North of New York City and 90 minutes South of Albany.  Vassar Brothers Hospital is a clinical affiliate member of the Mount Sinai System."	[profession: nursing specialties: education, maternal child our staff development department seeks a nurse educator to plan, direct, coordinate and provide education and orientation to maternal child health staff.  candidate will also act as a consultant to various clinical areas, be responsible for quality improvements, and assit in policy development and implementation.  facility: vassar brothers hospital  description: progressive, 315 bed community acute care hospital. located in the beautiful hudson valley, approximately 1.5 hours driving distance north of new york city and 90 minutes south of albany.  vassar brothers hospital is a clinical affiliate member of the mount sinai system.]	[29]	[29]	29.37	Nurse Educator	0.5527366	1	0	Nurse Educator
v2	Respiratory Care	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Respiratory Therapist SSM St. Joseph's Health Center in St. Charles, MO is currently seeking a qualified Respiratory Care.    Job Category:                 ProfessionalSpecialty:                      Respiratory Ther.Minimum Qualifications:  2-3 years acute care exp, Credentialed Therapist licensed with the State of Missouri.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph's Health Center - St. Charles MO  Description: Sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary, St. Louis-based SSM Health Care (SSMHC), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest Catholic systems in the nation. It is also one of the largest health care providers in Missouri.  The SSMHC owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. Consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, SSMHC entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma. A primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  Community: Just west of St. Louis you'll find Saint Charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. Founded as Les Petites Cotes (The Little Hills) by French Canadian fur trader Louis Blanchette, Saint Charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young America.   Thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. Saint Charles is a source of historical encounter: the Lewis and Clark Rendezvous, Missouri's First State Capitol, origin of the Boones lick Trail and home to Daniel Boone.  The people of Saint Charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. As destination for almost 1 million visitors each year Saint Charles history comes alive to welcome you.  Experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769."	[profession: allied health specialties: respiratory therapist ssm st. joseph's health center in st. charles, mo is currently seeking a qualified respiratory care.    job category:                 professionalspecialty:                      respiratory ther.minimum qualifications:  2-3 years acute care exp, credentialed therapist licensed with the state of missouri.  facility: ssm st. joseph's health center - st. charles mo  description: sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary, st. louis-based ssm health care (ssmhc), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest catholic systems in the nation. it is also one of the largest health care providers in missouri.  the ssmhc owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, ssmhc entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in missouri, illinois, wisconsin, and oklahoma. a primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  community: just west of st. louis you'll find saint charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. founded as les petites cotes (the little hills) by french canadian fur trader louis blanchette, saint charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young america.   thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. saint charles is a source of historical encounter: the lewis and clark rendezvous, missouri's first state capitol, origin of the boones lick trail and home to daniel boone.  the people of saint charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. as destination for almost 1 million visitors each year saint charles history comes alive to welcome you.  experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769.]	[29]	[29]	29.30483	Respiratory Care Practitioner	1.0	1	0	Respiratory Care Practitioner OR Respiratory Therapist
v2	Registered Nurse (s)	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Ambulatory Care, Cardiac Rehab, Cardiology/Telemetry, Critical Care, Day Surgery/Endoscopy, Emergency, General (Non-Specialty), Geriatrics, Gynecology-Oncology, ICU (General/Adult), Labor &amp; Delivery, Medicine/Surgery, Neonatal, Neonatal ICU, Nurse Practitioner - Women's Health, Nursery/Post Partum, Obstetrics and/or Gynecology, Oncology, Operating Room, Orthopedic, Pediatric - General, Perinatal, Perioperative Nursing, PACU, Recovery Room/Step Down, Spine Care, Surgery, Women's Health At the Medical Center of Aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. We are a Level II Trauma Center with the largest Emergency Department in the State of Colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  Located in Aurora, Colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from Denver International Airport and downtown Denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. You can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. Even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. Are you interested in working in the beautiful Denver Colorado area? If so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! We offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. Please call Michelle Moritz, Nurse Recruiter, at (303) 695-2905 or FAX your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. Thanks and have a great day!   Facility: Medical Center of Aurora / Centennial Medical Plaza"	[profession: nursing specialties: ambulatory care, cardiac rehab, cardiology/telemetry, critical care, day surgery/endoscopy, emergency, general (non-specialty), geriatrics, gynecology-oncology, icu (general/adult), labor &amp; delivery, medicine/surgery, neonatal, neonatal icu, nurse practitioner - women's health, nursery/post partum, obstetrics and/or gynecology, oncology, operating room, orthopedic, pediatric - general, perinatal, perioperative nursing, pacu, recovery room/step down, spine care, surgery, women's health at the medical center of aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. we are a level ii trauma center with the largest emergency department in the state of colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  located in aurora, colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from denver international airport and downtown denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. you can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. are you interested in working in the beautiful denver colorado area? if so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! we offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. please call michelle moritz, nurse recruiter, at (303) 695-2905, fax your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. thanks and have a great day!   facility: medical center of aurora / centennial medical plaza]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.9003877	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	RN - Endoscopy	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Emergency, Endocrinology, General (Non-Specialty), ICU (General/Adult) At the Medical Center of Aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. We are a Level II Trauma Center with the largest Emergency Department in the State of Colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  Located in Aurora, Colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from Denver International Airport and downtown Denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. You can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. Even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. Are you interested in working in the beautiful Denver Colorado area? If so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! We offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. Please call Michelle Moritz, Nurse Recruiter, at (303) 695-2905 or FAX your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. Thanks and have a great day!   Facility: Medical Center of Aurora - South"	[profession: nursing specialties: emergency, endocrinology, general (non-specialty), icu (general/adult) at the medical center of aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. we are a level ii trauma center with the largest emergency department in the state of colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  located in aurora, colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from denver international airport and downtown denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. you can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. are you interested in working in the beautiful denver colorado area? if so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! we offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. please call michelle moritz, nurse recruiter, at (303) 695-2905, fax your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. thanks and have a great day!   facility: medical center of aurora - south]	[29]	[29]	29.139	Endoscopy Nurse	0.9151692	1	0	Endoscopy Nurse
v2	Unit Coordinator - Emergency	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Critical Care Mercy Hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. Founded by the Sisters of Mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. Last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  High school diploma or GED is required, alon with medical terminology, computer skills. Must obtain current CPR(Heart saver) certification prior to employement. Must be able to work rotating shifts, weekends, and holidays.  Facility: Mercy Hospital  Description: Mercy Hospital was originally opened as Queen’s Hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. Today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in Maine in terms of inpatients served. We’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: critical care mercy hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. founded by the sisters of mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  high school diploma, ged is required, alon with medical terminology, computer skills. must obtain current cpr(heart saver) certification prior to employement. must be able to work rotating shifts, weekends, and holidays.  facility: mercy hospital  description: mercy hospital was originally opened as queen’s hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in maine in terms of inpatients served. we’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the joint commission on accreditation of health care organizations (jcaho), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.']	[29, 43]	[43]	43.30341	Health Unit Coordinator	0.73769224	1	0	Health Unit Coordinator
v2	RN-Obstetrics and/or Gynecology (3 POSITIONS AVAIL	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Obstetrics and/or Gynecology Frankfort Regional Medical Center currently seeks a RN for the OB Department.  This is a part time position with night shifts.  Facility: Frankfort Regional Medical Center  Description: Nestled in the historic capital city of Frankfort, Kentucky, Frankfort Regional Medical Center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of Franklin, Anderson and surrounding counties. Frankfort Regional Medical Center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs.  Community: Nestled in the historic capital city of Frankfort, Kentucky, Frankfort Regional Medical Center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of Franklin, Anderson and surrounding counties. Frankfort Regional Medical Center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs."	[profession: nursing specialties: obstetrics and/or gynecology frankfort regional medical center currently seeks a rn for the ob department.  this is a part time position with night shifts.  facility: frankfort regional medical center  description: nestled in the historic capital city of frankfort, kentucky, frankfort regional medical center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of franklin, anderson and surrounding counties. frankfort regional medical center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs.  community: nestled in the historic capital city of frankfort, kentucky, frankfort regional medical center is a 185-bed acute care facility that serves the regional population of franklin, anderson and surrounding counties. frankfort regional medical center offers an array of specialized services to meet the communities' health and wellness needs.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.35573688	1	0	Obstetrics Nurse
v2	CERTIFIED RN FIRST ASSISTANT	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Operating Room Certified RN First Assistant with 5 years perioperative RN experience needed to work full time.  This position combines RNFA role with clinician II role.   Come work with us and enjoy a healthy, happy community; that community is Carondelet Health.    Carondelet Health includes Saint Joseph Health Center and St. Mary's Hospital of Blue Springs in the Kansas City Metro area. Carondelet Health is a not-for-profit, Catholic sponsored health care system which offers a full range of health services with a singular mission to serve the community and provide innovative, convenient and quality health care.  Facility: Carondelet Health - St. Joseph  Description: Located at I-435 and State Line, Saint Joseph Health Center is a JCAHO-accredited, 300-bed hospital served by a medical/dental staff of approximately 725 offering a full array of high quality, acute care, outpatient and extended care services. Included in the health center's services are the Child Development Center, the Community Center for Health and Education and the Medical Mall.  Community: First time visitors to Kansas City are amazed at the diverse attractions they find in this Midwestern treasure. Skyscrapers, swinging jazz, fantastic food, fascinating museums and some of the best shopping anywhere are all part of Kansas City's allure.  Kansas City is known as the 'Heart of America,' centrally located within 250 miles of both the geographic and population centers of the nation. The maximum distance from Kansas City to anywhere in the continental United States is approximately 1,900 miles, or half the distance from coast to coast. And once you arrive in Kansas City, there are over 19,000 hotel and motel rooms throughout the area that provide a wide range of accommodations to suit any taste and budget.  Though famous for steaks and barbecue, the city offers an incredible variety of cuisine. Visitors are delighted by the abundance of excellent restaurants of every ethnic origin. And with over 60 barbecue restaurants to its credit, the city is the nation's barbecue headquarters! From great dining to one-of-a-kind shopping; museums to amusement parks; performing arts to sports-Kansas City has it all."	[profession: nursing specialties: operating room certified rn first assistant with 5 years perioperative rn experience needed to work full time.  this position combines rnfa role with clinician ii role.   come work with us and enjoy a healthy, happy community; that community is carondelet health.    carondelet health includes saint joseph health center and st. mary's hospital of blue springs in the kansas city metro area. carondelet health is a not-for-profit, catholic sponsored health care system which offers a full range of health services with a singular mission to serve the community and provide innovative, convenient and quality health care.  facility: carondelet health - st. joseph  description: located at i-435 and state line, saint joseph health center is a jcaho-accredited, 300-bed hospital served by a medical/dental staff of approximately 725 offering a full array of high quality, acute care, outpatient and extended care services. included in the health center's services are the child development center, the community center for health and education and the medical mall.  community: first time visitors to kansas city are amazed at the diverse attractions they find in this midwestern treasure. skyscrapers, swinging jazz, fantastic food, fascinating museums and some of the best shopping anywhere are all part of kansas city's allure.  kansas city is known as the 'heart of america,' centrally located within 250 miles of both the geographic and population centers of the nation. the maximum distance from kansas city to anywhere in the continental united states is approximately 1,900 miles,, half the distance from coast to coast. and once you arrive in kansas city, there are over 19,000 hotel and motel rooms throughout the area that provide a wide range of accommodations to suit any taste and budget.  though famous for steaks and barbecue, the city offers an incredible variety of cuisine. visitors are delighted by the abundance of excellent restaurants of every ethnic origin. and with over 60 barbecue restaurants to its credit, the city is the nation's barbecue headquarters! from great dining to one-of-a-kind shopping; museums to amusement parks; performing arts to sports-kansas city has it all.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	0.642132	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. Experience RN preferred, but will consider new graduate.  2 weeks Days, 2 weeks Evenings.  Full time.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. experience rn preferred, but will consider new graduate.  2 weeks days, 2 weeks evenings.  full time.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. RN with at least 3 years Full-time Med/Surg experience. Previous telemetry, ICU, Emergency experience desirable.  Days/Full time - 40 hour week  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. rn with at least 3 years full-time med/surg experience. previous telemetry, icu, emergency experience desirable.  days/full time - 40 hour week  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. Experience RN preferred with l yr. acute care in Post Operative care of Ortho/GU patients. Will consider a new grad.  Evenings/Part time - 24 hours week  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. experience rn preferred with l yr. acute care in post operative care of ortho/gu patients. will consider a new grad.  evenings/part time - 24 hours week  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. Med./Surge experience preferred. Will train new graduate with desire to learn general surgery/orthopedics.  Evening/Full time - 40 hour week.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. med./surge experience preferred. will train new graduate with desire to learn general surgery/orthopedics.  evening/full time - 40 hour week.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus eligible. Min. 3 years Med./Surge experience required. Intensive care unit, telemetry or emergency room experience preferred. ACLS preferred. 12 hours shift.  Nights- every 3rd weekend &amp; Holiday/Full time - 36 hours week.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. min. 3 years med./surge experience required. intensive care unit, telemetry, emergency room experience preferred. acls preferred. 12 hours shift.  nights- every 3rd weekend &amp; holiday/full time - 36 hours week.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  l year experience, good assessment skills, goo communication skills.  Nights/Full time - 40 hours week  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  l year experience, good assessment skills, goo communication skills.  nights/full time - 40 hours week  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	Case Manager	"Profession: Information Technology Specialties: CASE The Sisters of Providence Health System came to Western Massachusetts more than 120 years ago with a mission - to respond to changing community needs. Today the Sisters of Providence Health System proudly continues that tradition.   Our system's array of services includes acute care, behavioral health, rehabilitation, home care, skilled nursing facilities, retirement living, adoption services, an employee assistance program, and much more. The Sisters of Providence Health System is a founding member of Catholic Health East, one of the nations largest health care systems. Catholic Health Care East facilities serve communities from Maine to Florida.   Major facilities in the Sisters of Providence Health system include Mercy Hospital, Brightside for Families and Children, Providence Hospital, Sisters of Providence Care Centers, and Farren Care Center.   Department: Case Management- Full time    40 hrs 8:30am - 5pm, every 2nd or every 3rd weekend - Day shift- Bachelors degree is required- MA RN license requiredMasters preferred. Demonstrated previous experience with utilization management. Some computer literacy. Excellent professional communication and interpersonal skills required.    Facility: Mercy Hospital - Springfield,MA"	[profession: information technology specialties: case the sisters of providence health system came to western massachusetts more than 120 years ago with a mission - to respond to changing community needs. today the sisters of providence health system proudly continues that tradition.   our system's array of services includes acute care, behavioral health, rehabilitation, home care, skilled nursing facilities, retirement living, adoption services, an employee assistance program, and much more. the sisters of providence health system is a founding member of catholic health east, one of the nations largest health care systems. catholic health care east facilities serve communities from maine to florida.   major facilities in the sisters of providence health system include mercy hospital, brightside for families and children, providence hospital, sisters of providence care centers, and farren care center.   department: case management- full time    40 hrs 8:30am - 5pm, every 2nd, every 3rd weekend - day shift- bachelors degree is required- ma rn license requiredmasters preferred. demonstrated previous experience with utilization management. some computer literacy. excellent professional communication and interpersonal skills required.    facility: mercy hospital - springfield,ma]	[29, 21]	[29]	29.11	Case Manager	1.0	1	1	Case Manager
v2	RN - ICU	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Critical Care, Emergency, ICU (General/Adult) At the Medical Center of Aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. We are a Level II Trauma Center with the largest Emergency Department in the State of Colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  Located in Aurora, Colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from Denver International Airport and downtown Denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. You can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. Even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. Are you interested in working in the beautiful Denver Colorado area? If so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! We offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. Please call Michelle Moritz, Nurse Recruiter, at (303) 695-2905 or FAX your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. Thanks and have a great day!   Facility: Medical Center of Aurora - South"	[profession: nursing specialties: critical care, emergency, icu (general/adult) at the medical center of aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. we are a level ii trauma center with the largest emergency department in the state of colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  located in aurora, colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from denver international airport and downtown denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. you can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. are you interested in working in the beautiful denver colorado area? if so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! we offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. please call michelle moritz, nurse recruiter, at (303) 695-2905, fax your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. thanks and have a great day!   facility: medical center of aurora - south]	[29]	[29]	29.16	Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Intensive Care Unit (ICU) Nurse
v2	RN - Emergency	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Coronary Care, Critical Care, Emergency, General (Non-Specialty), ICU (General/Adult), Medicine/Surgery, Operating Room, Pain Management, Pediatric - Critical Care, Recovery Room/Step Down, Surgery At the Medical Center of Aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. We are a Level II Trauma Center with the largest Emergency Department in the State of Colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  Located in Aurora, Colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from Denver International Airport and downtown Denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. You can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. Even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. Are you interested in working in the beautiful Denver Colorado area? If so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! We offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. Please call Michelle Moritz, Nurse Recruiter, at (303) 695-2905 or FAX your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. Thanks and have a great day!   Facility: Medical Center of Aurora - South"	[profession: nursing specialties: coronary care, critical care, emergency, general (non-specialty), icu (general/adult), medicine/surgery, operating room, pain management, pediatric - critical care, recovery room/step down, surgery at the medical center of aurora, you'll be part of an organization that's maintained its closeness and friendliness while offering all the technical capabilities of a large urban facility. we are a level ii trauma center with the largest emergency department in the state of colorado servicing more than 78,000 patients per year.  located in aurora, colorado's third largest city, the hospital is about 25 minutes from denver international airport and downtown denver, just one hour away from the nearest ski resorts. you can live close to work while enjoying all the cultural and recreational offerings of nearby areas. even more important, you'll be joining an institution keenly aware of its history, but positioning itself for the future. are you interested in working in the beautiful denver colorado area? if so, we have wonderful nursing opportunities with relocation assistance and sign-on bonuses available! we offer an extremely competitive salary and benefits package. please call michelle moritz, nurse recruiter, at (303) 695-2905, fax your resume to (303) 695-2911 for immediate consideration. thanks and have a great day!   facility: medical center of aurora - south]	[29]	[29]	29.13	Emergency Room (ER) Nurse	1.0	1	0	Emergency Room (ER) Nurse
v2	LPN- Nursing	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider. We are currently seeking  employees.  Current MO LPN license, IV certified.   FT/Evenings, every other weekend.  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider. we are currently seeking  employees.  current mo lpn license, iv certified.   ft/evenings, every other weekend.  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[29]	29.3	Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)	1.0	1	0	Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)
v2	LPN- Nursing	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care are provided by SSM Rehab, Missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (CMR) provider. We are currently seeking  employees.  Current LPN license, IV certified.  Evenings/FT  Facility: SSM Rehabilitation Institute -  Arnold Day Institute  Description: SSM Rehab is Missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. Physiatry, Neuropsychology, Physical Therapy, Occupational Therapy, Speech Therapy, Therapeutic Recreation, Case Management, Social Services and Rehabilitation Nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the St. Louis metropolitan area. SSM Rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for SSM Health Care - St. Louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and Home Health therapy. SSM Rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the Midwest and beyond, assuring SSM Rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. SSM Rehab is accredited by JCAHO and CARF...the Rehabilitation Accreditation Commission."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) rehabilitation services for ssm health care are provided by ssm rehab, missouri's largest free-standing comprehensive medical rehab (cmr) provider. we are currently seeking  employees.  current lpn license, iv certified.  evenings/ft  facility: ssm rehabilitation institute -  arnold day institute  description: ssm rehab is missouri's premier provider of comprehensive medical rehabilitation services. physiatry, neuropsychology, physical therapy, occupational therapy, speech therapy, therapeutic recreation, case management, social services and rehabilitation nursing are among the highly specialized inpatient and outpatient services that are available throughout the st. louis metropolitan area. ssm rehab also provides all rehabilitation services for ssm health care - st. louis which includes hospital-based acute therapy services, skilled nursing rehabilitation services and home health therapy. ssm rehab's extensive services expand out scope of care in the midwest and beyond, assuring ssm rehab is the rehabilitation provider of choice. ssm rehab is accredited by jcaho and carf...the rehabilitation accreditation commission.]	[29]	[29]	29.3	Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)	1.0	1	0	Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)
v2	RN	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Patient Care Tech/Nursing Asst. $3,000 SIGN ON BONUS for RNs at SSM St.Joseph's Health Center in St.Charles, Missouri.  We need Nursing/Staff Nurse  RN's on a full time basis for our ICU department.  RN with critical care experience required.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph's Health Center - St. Charles MO  Description: Sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary, St. Louis-based SSM Health Care (SSMHC), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest Catholic systems in the nation. It is also one of the largest health care providers in Missouri.  The SSMHC owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. Consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, SSMHC entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma. A primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  Community: Just west of St. Louis you'll find Saint Charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. Founded as Les Petites Cotes (The Little Hills) by French Canadian fur trader Louis Blanchette, Saint Charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young America.   Thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. Saint Charles is a source of historical encounter: the Lewis and Clark Rendezvous, Missouri's First State Capitol, origin of the Boones lick Trail and home to Daniel Boone.  The people of Saint Charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. As destination for almost 1 million visitors each year Saint Charles history comes alive to welcome you.  Experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769."	[profession: nursing specialties: patient care tech/nursing asst. $3,000 sign on bonus for rns at ssm st.joseph's health center in st.charles, missouri.  we need nursing/staff nurse  rn's on a full time basis for our icu department.  rn with critical care experience required.  facility: ssm st. joseph's health center - st. charles mo  description: sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary, st. louis-based ssm health care (ssmhc), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest catholic systems in the nation. it is also one of the largest health care providers in missouri.  the ssmhc owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, ssmhc entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in missouri, illinois, wisconsin, and oklahoma. a primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  community: just west of st. louis you'll find saint charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. founded as les petites cotes (the little hills) by french canadian fur trader louis blanchette, saint charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young america.   thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. saint charles is a source of historical encounter: the lewis and clark rendezvous, missouri's first state capitol, origin of the boones lick trail and home to daniel boone.  the people of saint charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. as destination for almost 1 million visitors each year saint charles history comes alive to welcome you.  experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769.]	[29, 11]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	0	Registered Nurse
v2	Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Home Care, Medicine/Surgery, Oncology, Orthopedic The LPN provides direct patient care under the direction of a Registered Nurse or a provider.  Facility: Methodist Hospital"	[profession: nursing specialties: home care, medicine/surgery, oncology, orthopedic the lpn provides direct patient care under the direction of a registered nurse, a provider.  facility: methodist hospital]	[29]	[29]	29.3	Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)	1.0	1	1	Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN)
v2	Medical Transcriptionist - Level II	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Medical Technologist Saint Agnes Medical Center, located in the Central Valley region of California, is currently seeking a qualified Medical Transcriptionist - Level II.  This position is responsible for interpreting and transcribing dictation by physicians and other healthcare professionals regarding patient assessment, workup, therapeutic procedures, clinical course, diagnosis, prognosis, etc., in order to document patient care and facilitate delivery of healthcare services.  Facility: Saint Agnes Medical Center  Description: Saint Agnes Medical Center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of Central California for over 70 years.  Community: Located at the heart of Central California's San Joaquin Valley, Fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. Originally a water stop for the Southern Pacific Railroad, Fresno soon became the 'Agribusiness Capitol of the World.'"	[profession: allied health specialties: medical technologist saint agnes medical center, located in the central valley region of california, is currently seeking a qualified medical transcriptionist - level ii.  this position is responsible for interpreting and transcribing dictation by physicians and other healthcare professionals regarding patient assessment, workup, therapeutic procedures, clinical course, diagnosis, prognosis, etc., in order to document patient care and facilitate delivery of healthcare services.  facility: saint agnes medical center  description: saint agnes medical center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of central california for over 70 years.  community: located at the heart of central california's san joaquin valley, fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. originally a water stop for the southern pacific railroad, fresno soon became the 'agribusiness capitol of the world.']	[31]	[31]	31.15	Medical Transcriptionist	1.0	1	0	Medical Transcriptionist
v2	Medical Assistant	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Endocrinology, Float (multi-specialty), General (Non-Specialty), Internal Medicine, Medical Assistant, Obstetrics and/or Gynecology, Oncology, Otorhynolaryngology (ENT), Plastic &amp; Reconstructive Surgery, Urology, Women's Health, Day Surgery/Endoscopy, Family Practice, Gastroenterology, Gynecology-Oncology, Labor &amp; Delivery, Neurology/Neurosurgery, Occupational Health, Orthopedic, Pediatric - General, Spine Care, Vascular, Cardiology/Telemetry, Critical Care The Everett Clinic is now seeing applicants for Medical Assistants in various department's and specialty areas.  HOURS: Full and Part Time positions available with varied days &amp; shifts.  DUTIES: Assists physician &amp; nursing staff in exams, ensures patient flow runs smoothly, and handles patient related paperwork.   QUALFS: Completion of formal MA program with 1yr rel exp req.   STARTING $ RANGE: 11.34-12.86  Facility: The Everett Clinic  Description: The Everett Clinic is a 180 physician multi-specialty group practice in 9 sites throughout Snohomish County, WA."	[profession: nursing specialties: endocrinology, float (multi-specialty), general (non-specialty), internal medicine, medical assistant, obstetrics and/or gynecology, oncology, otorhynolaryngology (ent), plastic &amp; reconstructive surgery, urology, women's health, day surgery/endoscopy, family practice, gastroenterology, gynecology-oncology, labor &amp; delivery, neurology/neurosurgery, occupational health, orthopedic, pediatric - general, spine care, vascular, cardiology/telemetry, critical care the everett clinic is now seeing applicants for medical assistants in various department's and specialty areas.  hours: full and part time positions available with varied days &amp; shifts.  duties: assists physician &amp; nursing staff in exams, ensures patient flow runs smoothly, and handles patient related paperwork.   qualfs: completion of formal ma program with 1yr rel exp req.   starting $ range: 11.34-12.86  facility: the everett clinic  description: the everett clinic is a 180 physician multi-specialty group practice in 9 sites throughout snohomish county, wa.]	[31]	[31]	31.1	Medical Assistant	1.0	1	1	Medical Assistant
v2	Certified Nurse Aide- 2200 - Med./Surg.	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. CNA experience preferred, but will train CNA with desire to learn general surgery/orthopedics.  Evenings Full time  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. cna experience preferred, but will train cna with desire to learn general surgery/orthopedics.  evenings full time  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[31]	[31]	31.8	Nurse Aide	0.63741916	1	0	Nurse Aide
v2	Certified Nurse Aide- 1100 - Telemetry	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. Certified Nurse Aide.  Days/Full time - 40 hour week  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. certified nurse aide.  days/full time - 40 hour week  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[31]	[31]	31.8	Nurse Aide	0.67533153	1	0	Nurse Aide
v2	Certified Nurse Aide- Float	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. Experience nurse aide.  Nights/Part time - 32 hour week.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. experience nurse aide.  nights/part time - 32 hour week.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[31]	[31]	31.8	Nurse Aide	0.63256633	1	0	Nurse Aide
v2	Certified Nurse Aide- Skilled Nursing Facility	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Med/Surg Nurses.. It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Bonus Eligible. Certified Nurse Aide required, must be compassionate, flexible and looking for a challenge.  Evenings/Full time.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) med/surg nurses.. it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  bonus eligible. certified nurse aide required, must be compassionate, flexible and looking for a challenge.  evenings/full time.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[31]	[31]	31.8	Nurse Aide	0.59177905	1	0	Nurse Aide
v2	Certified Nurse Aide- Skilled Nursing	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Certified Nurse Aide.  Evening/Part time - 16 hours weeks.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  certified nurse aide.  evening/part time - 16 hours weeks.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[31]	[31]	31.8	Nurse Aide	0.5929909	1	0	Nurse Aide
v2	CNA - Telemetry	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: General (Non-Specialty) Mercy Hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. Founded by the Sisters of Mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. Last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  One 40 hr, and one 20 hr rotation positions. CNA certification, registry placement and current CPR all required.  Facility: Mercy Hospital  Description: Mercy Hospital was originally opened as Queen’s Hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. Today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in Maine in terms of inpatients served. We’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.'"	[profession: nursing specialties: general (non-specialty) mercy hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. founded by the sisters of mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  one 40 hr, and one 20 hr rotation positions. cna certification, registry placement and current cpr all required.  facility: mercy hospital  description: mercy hospital was originally opened as queen’s hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in maine in terms of inpatients served. we’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the joint commission on accreditation of health care organizations (jcaho), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.']	[31]	[31]	31.0	Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)	1.0	1	0	Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)
v2	Transportation Assistant	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Other Mercy Hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. Founded by the Sisters of Mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. Last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  Education enabling teh ability to read, write and communicate requried. CPR(Heart Saver) certification must be obtained prior to employment.  Facility: Mercy Hospital  Description: Mercy Hospital was originally opened as Queen’s Hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. Today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in Maine in terms of inpatients served. We’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the Joint Commission on Accreditation of Health Care Organizations (JCAHO), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.'"	[profession: allied health specialties: other mercy hospital, a non-profit community hospital, providing a broad range of inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, and obstetrical services, as well as treatment for drug and alcohol addiction. founded by the sisters of mercy, our mission is to provide clinically excellent care, delivered with compassion and respect for human dignity, with special concern for the poor and disadvantaged. last year, we accommodated more than 10,700 inpatient admissions, nearly 1,400 deliveries, and over 100,000 outpatient visits, including emergency and ambulatory surgery.  education enabling teh ability to read, write and communicate requried. cpr(heart saver) certification must be obtained prior to employment.  facility: mercy hospital  description: mercy hospital was originally opened as queen’s hospital in 1918, with 25 beds, to provide medical care during a serious flu epidemic. today, we are licensed for 200 beds, and we’re one of the largest hospitals in maine in terms of inpatients served. we’re also proud of our accreditation with commendation from the joint commission on accreditation of health care organizations (jcaho), awarded to only 12% of hospitals nationally for 'exemplary performance.']	[31]	[53]	53.114	Assistant Transportation Manager	0.5751213	0	0	Transportation Aide
v2	Medical Assistant	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Medical Assistant Experienced Medical Assistant neede for a busy solo cardiolgy practice.  Job duties include:  Venipuncture, EKG's Holter Monitors, Event Monitors, EST's Presricption Refills, Filing, Answering phones, Triage, and Ordering Medical Supplies."	[profession: nursing specialties: medical assistant experienced medical assistant neede for a busy solo cardiolgy practice.  job duties include:  venipuncture, ekg's holter monitors, event monitors, est's presricption refills, filing, answering phones, triage, and ordering medical supplies.]	[31]	[31]	31.1	Medical Assistant	1.0	1	1	Medical Assistant
v2	Certified Nurse Assistant	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Patient Care Tech/Nursing Asst. $3,000 SIGN ON BONUS for RNs at SSM St.Joseph's Health Center in St.Charles, Missouri.  Completion of Nursing Assistant Certification Program, Assist with patient admission and front office duties as well as transportation of patient.  We need Certified Nurse Assistant to work days 20/wk  Facility: SSM St. Joseph's Health Center - St. Charles MO  Description: Sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary, St. Louis-based SSM Health Care (SSMHC), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest Catholic systems in the nation. It is also one of the largest health care providers in Missouri.  The SSMHC owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. Consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, SSMHC entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma. A primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  Community: Just west of St. Louis you'll find Saint Charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. Founded as Les Petites Cotes (The Little Hills) by French Canadian fur trader Louis Blanchette, Saint Charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young America.   Thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. Saint Charles is a source of historical encounter: the Lewis and Clark Rendezvous, Missouri's First State Capitol, origin of the Boones lick Trail and home to Daniel Boone.  The people of Saint Charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. As destination for almost 1 million visitors each year Saint Charles history comes alive to welcome you.  Experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769."	[profession: nursing specialties: patient care tech/nursing asst. $3,000 sign on bonus for rns at ssm st.joseph's health center in st.charles, missouri.  completion of nursing assistant certification program, assist with patient admission and front office duties as well as transportation of patient.  we need certified nurse assistant to work days 20/wk  facility: ssm st. joseph's health center - st. charles mo  description: sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary, st. louis-based ssm health care (ssmhc), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest catholic systems in the nation. it is also one of the largest health care providers in missouri.  the ssmhc owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, ssmhc entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in missouri, illinois, wisconsin, and oklahoma. a primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  community: just west of st. louis you'll find saint charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. founded as les petites cotes (the little hills) by french canadian fur trader louis blanchette, saint charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young america.   thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. saint charles is a source of historical encounter: the lewis and clark rendezvous, missouri's first state capitol, origin of the boones lick trail and home to daniel boone.  the people of saint charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. as destination for almost 1 million visitors each year saint charles history comes alive to welcome you.  experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769.]	[31]	[31]	31.0	Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)	1.0	1	0	Certified Nursing Assistant (CNA)
v2	TRANSPORTATION OFFICER/Security Services	Profession: Operations Specialties: Security Guard 'Requires high school diploma or GED and valid Washington State driver's license with no moving violations within the last five (5) years.'  Providence   Days  40hrs/week        Facility: S Medical Center	[profession: operations specialties: security guard 'requires high school diploma, ged and valid washington state driver's license with no moving violations within the last five (5) years.'  providence   days  40hrs/week        facility: s medical center]	[33]	[33]	33.14	Transportation Security Officer (TSO)	0.9033357	1	0	Transportation Security Officer (TSO)
v2	Security Officer	"Profession: Operations Specialties: Security Guard SSM St. Joseph's Health Center in St. Charles, MO is currently seeking a qualified Security Officer.    Job Category:                 ServiceSpecialty:                      Safety/SecurityMinimum Qualifications:  HS grad or equivalent 1 yr exp in security or law enforcement..  Facility: SSM St. Joseph's Health Center - St. Charles MO  Description: Sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary, St. Louis-based SSM Health Care (SSMHC), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest Catholic systems in the nation. It is also one of the largest health care providers in Missouri.  The SSMHC owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. Consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, SSMHC entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma. A primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  Community: Just west of St. Louis you'll find Saint Charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. Founded as Les Petites Cotes (The Little Hills) by French Canadian fur trader Louis Blanchette, Saint Charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young America.   Thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. Saint Charles is a source of historical encounter: the Lewis and Clark Rendezvous, Missouri's First State Capitol, origin of the Boones lick Trail and home to Daniel Boone.  The people of Saint Charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. As destination for almost 1 million visitors each year Saint Charles history comes alive to welcome you.  Experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769."	[profession: operations specialties: security guard ssm st. joseph's health center in st. charles, mo is currently seeking a qualified security officer.    job category:                 servicespecialty:                      safety/securityminimum qualifications:  hs grad, equivalent 1 yr exp in security, law enforcement..  facility: ssm st. joseph's health center - st. charles mo  description: sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary, st. louis-based ssm health care (ssmhc), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest catholic systems in the nation. it is also one of the largest health care providers in missouri.  the ssmhc owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, ssmhc entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in missouri, illinois, wisconsin, and oklahoma. a primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  community: just west of st. louis you'll find saint charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. founded as les petites cotes (the little hills) by french canadian fur trader louis blanchette, saint charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young america.   thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. saint charles is a source of historical encounter: the lewis and clark rendezvous, missouri's first state capitol, origin of the boones lick trail and home to daniel boone.  the people of saint charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. as destination for almost 1 million visitors each year saint charles history comes alive to welcome you.  experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769.]	[33]	[33]	33.0	Security Officer	1.0	1	1	Security Officer
v2	Safety & Security Officer	"Profession: Operations Specialties: Security Guard It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Minimum of 2 years experience in law enforcement or security, and posses knowledge of constitutional rights, investigative &amp; interviewing techniques. Successfully obtain Missouri State chauffeurs License, St. Louis. County Security Officer's License &amp; Courier's License. IAHSS Certification preferred..  Evening/Night rotating weekends/Full time - 40 hour week.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: operations specialties: security guard it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  minimum of 2 years experience in law enforcement, security, and posses knowledge of constitutional rights, investigative &amp; interviewing techniques. successfully obtain missouri state chauffeurs license, st. louis. county security officer's license &amp; courier's license. iahss certification preferred..  evening/night rotating weekends/full time - 40 hour week.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[33]	[33]	33.46	Safety and Security Officer	1.0	1	0	Safety and Security Officer
v2	Safety & Security Officer	"Profession: Operations Specialties: Security Guard It's more than a Job.  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Applicant should be at least 21 years of age, have a minimum, of two years of Security or Law Enforcement experience and be knowledgeable of investigations and interview techniques and posses or be able to obtain the following licenses: St. Louis County Police Metro Security Officer License and a Missouri State chauffeur's License/ LAHS certified preferred.  Day shift - Weekends/Part time - 16 hours week.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph Hospital Kirkwood  Description: St. Joseph Hospital of Kirkwood (SJHK) is an acute care Catholic hospital in the community of Kirkwood located in Southwest St. Louis County. The Hospital is the second largest employer in Kirkwood.  SJHK has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. It provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. The services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. Laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  The Hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. In 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. The Sisters of St. Joseph's service to the community and residents of Kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and Jefferson and Franklin counties continued until January 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the Sisters of St. Joseph and the Franciscan Sisters of Mary transferred sponsorship. This move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations."	[profession: operations specialties: security guard it's more than a job.  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  applicant should be at least 21 years of age, have a minimum, of two years of security, law enforcement experience and be knowledgeable of investigations and interview techniques and posses, be able to obtain the following licenses: st. louis county police metro security officer license and a missouri state chauffeur's license/ lahs certified preferred.  day shift - weekends/part time - 16 hours week.  facility: ssm st. joseph hospital kirkwood  description: st. joseph hospital of kirkwood (sjhk) is an acute care catholic hospital in the community of kirkwood located in southwest st. louis county. the hospital is the second largest employer in kirkwood.  sjhk has 281 licensed beds, 240 of which are staffed, and 18 bassinets. it provides primary acute care for patients with medical and surgical diagnosis, including emergency, critical care, obstetrics, cardiac, and orthopedic needs. the services are provided on an inpatient and outpatient basis and are supplemented with services such as home care, skilled nursing, rehabilitation services and hospice. laboratory, imaging, and other diagnostic services are also available.  the hospital was opened in 1939 as a 150-bed federal marine hospital and was operated by the government until 1952. in 1953, the hospital was sold for $1 to the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet with the stipulation that they would operate it as a community hospital for 20 years. the sisters of st. joseph's service to the community and residents of kirkwood, the surrounding communities, and jefferson and franklin counties continued until january 1, 1994 when, in a unique and bold transition, the sisters of st. joseph and the franciscan sisters of mary transferred sponsorship. this move was to strengthen the market position and financial stability for both sponsoring organizations.]	[33]	[33]	33.46	Safety and Security Officer	1.0	1	0	Safety and Security Officer
v2	Security Officer -Security	"Profession: Operations Specialties: Security Guard Must have California Guard card, Baton and Pepper spray certification and 2 years or more related experience. Excellent oral and written communication and customer service skills.  Facility: Good Samaritan Hospital  Description: 'A Tradition of Caring'   For more than a century, Good Samaritan Hospital has been synonymous with superb medical care. Helping people in times of illness and pain - and celebrating the joy of new life - is both mission and tradition.   In 1885, Sister Mary Wood of the Episcopal Church founded a 9-bed facility that became the Los Angeles Hospital and Home for Invalids. The hospital was renamed Good Samaritan Hospital in 1886 in honor of Mrs. Mark Severance, whose generous donation enabled the hospital to move to larger quarters.  Today, Good Samaritan is more than a community hospital. A world-class academic medical center affiliated with the USC School of Medicine, Good Samaritan has 408 licensed beds. The hospital offers outstanding diagnostic, surgical and therapeutic care in a state-of-the-art setting. The main hospital, built in 1976, is seismic compliant. All patient rooms are private. VIP suites and valet parking are available.  Recognized as one of 'America's Best Hospitals for Top Medical Care in 16 Specialties' in 1998 by U.S. News &amp; World Report, Good Samaritan supports eight Centers of Excellence that focus on advancing the science of medicine while providing outstanding patient care. An acclaimed oncology program offers the widest range of options for gynecological, breast, brain and prostate cancers.   Each year, Good Samaritan admits approximately 18,000 patients and handles more than 91,600 outpatient visits. More than 6,550 surgeries are performed annually in 18 surgical suites.  A designated level II trauma center, Good Samaritan's Emergency Room handles more than 18,400 visits annually, with physicians on duty and a full-specialist panel on call.  Reflecting both Los Angeles' multicultural population and its international reputation and patient base, Good Samaritan's 1,500 employees and 650 medical staff speak a total of 58 languages/dialects.     ©"	[profession: operations specialties: security guard must have california guard card, baton and pepper spray certification and 2 years, more related experience. excellent oral and written communication and customer service skills.  facility: good samaritan hospital  description: 'a tradition of caring'   for more than a century, good samaritan hospital has been synonymous with superb medical care. helping people in times of illness and pain - and celebrating the joy of new life - is both mission and tradition.   in 1885, sister mary wood of the episcopal church founded a 9-bed facility that became the los angeles hospital and home for invalids. the hospital was renamed good samaritan hospital in 1886 in honor of mrs. mark severance, whose generous donation enabled the hospital to move to larger quarters.  today, good samaritan is more than a community hospital. a world-class academic medical center affiliated with the usc school of medicine, good samaritan has 408 licensed beds. the hospital offers outstanding diagnostic, surgical and therapeutic care in a state-of-the-art setting. the main hospital, built in 1976, is seismic compliant. all patient rooms are private. vip suites and valet parking are available.  recognized as one of 'america's best hospitals for top medical care in 16 specialties' in 1998 by u.s. news &amp; world report, good samaritan supports eight centers of excellence that focus on advancing the science of medicine while providing outstanding patient care. an acclaimed oncology program offers the widest range of options for gynecological, breast, brain and prostate cancers.   each year, good samaritan admits approximately 18,000 patients and handles more than 91,600 outpatient visits. more than 6,550 surgeries are performed annually in 18 surgical suites.  a designated level ii trauma center, good samaritan's emergency room handles more than 18,400 visits annually, with physicians on duty and a full-specialist panel on call.  reflecting both los angeles' multicultural population and its international reputation and patient base, good samaritan's 1,500 employees and 650 medical staff speak a total of 58 languages/dialects.     ©]	[33]	[33]	33.0	Security Officer	1.0	1	0	Security Officer
v2	Restaurant Management	"Management of a full service restaurant with over $3M in annual sales, for a fast growing chain with over 360 locations."	[management of a full service restaurant with over $3m in annual sales, for a fast growing chain with over 360 locations.]	[35, 11]	[35]	35.0	Restaurant Manager	1.0	1	0	Restaurant Manager
v2	Kitchen Manager	"Fastest growing, multi - concept (4), privately held, full - service New England based restaurant company seeks a Kitchen Manager as they continue to grow from their present 120 restaurants. This performance based company has developed a reputation for crisp and consistent operations. Restaurant professionals who are leaders, decision makers with an entrepreneurial spirit would enjoy this challenge. In addition to the support of this $250mm company, managers will receive continuous fresh training opportunities, long term growth plans, a strong financial reward program, very competitive based salaries, monthly bonuses based off bottom - line profits, managing partner program, comprehensive benefits package, all with an emphasis on quality of life."	[fastest growing, multi - concept (4), privately held, full - service new england based restaurant company seeks a kitchen manager as they continue to grow from their present 120 restaurants. this performance based company has developed a reputation for crisp and consistent operations. restaurant professionals who are leaders, decision makers with an entrepreneurial spirit would enjoy this challenge. in addition to the support of this $250mm company, managers will receive continuous fresh training opportunities, long term growth plans, a strong financial reward program, very competitive based salaries, monthly bonuses based off bottom - line profits, managing partner program, comprehensive benefits package, all with an emphasis on quality of life.]	[11, 35]	[35]	35.6	Kitchen Manager	1.0	1	1	Kitchen Manager
v2	Kitchen Manager	"dick clark restaurants, inc.  Dick Clark's AB Diner will be opening soon in Houston. This is an excellent time for you to join our team.  We are seeking enthusiastic, talented people with 2+ years experience in a full service restaurant environment.  Managers can expect: * Very competitive salary * Management Bonus Program * Paid vacations starting after 6 months * 5-day work week * Group Medical and Dental Coverage * 401(k) plan with matching funds  If you are interested in being a part of the dick clark restaurant, inc. management team please fax or e-mail your resume."	[dick clark restaurants, inc.  dick clark's ab diner will be opening soon in houston. this is an excellent time for you to join our team.  we are seeking enthusiastic, talented people with 2+ years experience in a full service restaurant environment.  managers can expect: * very competitive salary * management bonus program * paid vacations starting after 6 months * 5-day work week * group medical and dental coverage * 401(k) plan with matching funds  if you are interested in being a part of the dick clark restaurant, inc. management team please fax, e-mail your resume.]	[11, 35]	[35]	35.6	Kitchen Manager	1.0	1	1	Kitchen Manager
v2	Assistant Manager	"New start up, full service restaurant concept.  Opened November 1999 and has been averaging $50K in weekly sales.  Menu - Steak/seafood/chicken items - 8-12 minute ticket times. $16.00 check average.  Half step above Outback.  Projected sales $2.4mm - $3mm, 175 seat, lunch and dinner.  Second restaurant to open in Central CT, third Westchester County, NY and fourth in Rockland County, CT."	[new start up, full service restaurant concept.  opened november 1999 and has been averaging $50k in weekly sales.  menu - steak/seafood/chicken items - 8-12 minute ticket times. $16.00 check average.  half step above outback.  projected sales $2.4mm - $3mm, 175 seat, lunch and dinner.  second restaurant to open in central ct, third westchester county, ny and fourth in rockland county, ct.]	[35, 11]	[35]	35.64	Speciality Coffee Assistant Manager	0.8168199	1	0	Restaurant Manager
v2	Bar Manager	"New start up, full service restaurant concept.  Menu - Steak/seafood/chicken items - 8-12 minute ticket times.  Half step above Outback.  Projected sales $2.4mm - $3mm, 175 seat, lunch and dinner.  Second restaurant to open in northern New Jersey, third in southern CT."	[new start up, full service restaurant concept.  menu - steak/seafood/chicken items - 8-12 minute ticket times.  half step above outback.  projected sales $2.4mm - $3mm, 175 seat, lunch and dinner.  second restaurant to open in northern new jersey, third in southern ct.]	[35, 11]	[35]	35.48	Bar Manager	1.0	1	1	Bar Manager
v2	Restaurant Management	"SouperSalad is one of the fastest growing restaurant concepts in the nation.  We stand out in the restaurant industry because we recognize that you have families and lives outside of work.  We offer managers: -5-day workweeks -Competive salaries and a quarterly bonus potential -Group medical and dental coverage, plus a prescription drug plan -Paid holidays- the restaurant is actually closed! -Days off rotation with weekends off monthly -Advancement potential"	[soupersalad is one of the fastest growing restaurant concepts in the nation.  we stand out in the restaurant industry because we recognize that you have families and lives outside of work.  we offer managers: -5-day workweeks -competive salaries and a quarterly bonus potential -group medical and dental coverage, plus a prescription drug plan -paid holidays- the restaurant is actually closed! -days off rotation with weekends off monthly -advancement potential]	[35, 11]	[35]	35.0	Restaurant Manager	1.0	1	0	Restaurant Manager
v2	Dining Room Captain	"JOB RESPONSIBILITIES:  Provide excellent guest service to passengers Supervise Wait and Bus Staff in service procedures, as well as train in food and wine service Sell wine presented on wine menus Cleanliness and Organization of Dining Room Operation of lunch and midnight buffets Reconciliation of wine inventory, inventory of china, glass, and silver, ordering of paper supplies Scheduling of wait and bus stations; logging of daily payroll hours"	[job responsibilities:  provide excellent guest service to passengers supervise wait and bus staff in service procedures, as well as train in food and wine service sell wine presented on wine menus cleanliness and organization of dining room operation of lunch and midnight buffets reconciliation of wine inventory, inventory of china, glass, and silver, ordering of paper supplies scheduling of wait and bus stations; logging of daily payroll hours]	[35]	[35]	35.26	Dining Room Manager	1.0	1	0	Dining Room Manager
v2	Wait Staff	"Greet, give menu presentations, and serve meals to passengers in a pleasant, professional manner General cleaning and sanitation of work areas Set tables appropriately, fold napkins, polish silver and glasses, fill salt, pepper, sugar bowls, etc Perform daily sidework: sort silver, fill out food dupes for galley and beverage dupes for bar staff, inventory counts, etc. Set-up and breakdown of lunch buffet, afternoon tea/buffet, and late night buffet"	[greet, give menu presentations, and serve meals to passengers in a pleasant, professional manner general cleaning and sanitation of work areas set tables appropriately, fold napkins, polish silver and glasses, fill salt, pepper, sugar bowls, etc perform daily sidework: sort silver, fill out food dupes for galley and beverage dupes for bar staff, inventory counts, etc. set-up and breakdown of lunch buffet, afternoon tea/buffet, and late night buffet]	[35]	[35]	35.2	Food Service Worker	0.6795832	1	0	Food Server OR Food Service Worker
v2	Assistant Banquet Manager	"Assists in managing banquet activities. Supervises room set-ups, service, and clean up of all banquet functions and maintaining banquet equipment."	[assists in managing banquet activities. supervises room set-ups, service, and clean up of all banquet functions and maintaining banquet equipment.]	[35]	[35]	35.56	Banquet Manager	0.8951511	1	0	Banquet Manager OR Banquet Captain
v2	On - Call Banquet Server	"Today, Hyatt specializes in deluxe hotels with meeting facilities and special services for the business traveler, operates hotels in major and secondary cities, airport locations, and leading resort areas throughout the world. In many cities Hyatt has made a significant contribution to revitalizing the area and spurring business and population growth. With the new hotels under development, Hyatt International will be creating more than 20,000 job opportunities throughout the world. Hyatt Hotels & Resorts have a reputation not only for their physical distinctiveness, incorporating local art and design, but also for the amenities and services provided. These special services include Hyatt Gold Passport, Hyatt's renowned recognition and award program for the frequent traveler; Regency Club and Grand Club, VIP concierge floors; complimentary morning newspaper; specialty restaurants; and custom catering.  The Banquet Server is responsible primarily for assisting in serving banquet style functions. This person must have good communication skills as well as previous serving experience. This is a fast paced position that will involve constant customer interaction. Individual must be able to have the ability to lift moderate weight."	[today, hyatt specializes in deluxe hotels with meeting facilities and special services for the business traveler, operates hotels in major and secondary cities, airport locations, and leading resort areas throughout the world. in many cities hyatt has made a significant contribution to revitalizing the area and spurring business and population growth. with the new hotels under development, hyatt international will be creating more than 20,000 job opportunities throughout the world. hyatt hotels & resorts have a reputation not only for their physical distinctiveness, incorporating local art and design, but also for the amenities and services provided. these special services include hyatt gold passport, hyatt's renowned recognition and award program for the frequent traveler; regency club and grand club, vip concierge floors; complimentary morning newspaper; specialty restaurants; and custom catering.  the banquet server is responsible primarily for assisting in serving banquet style functions. this person must have good communication skills as well as previous serving experience. this is a fast paced position that will involve constant customer interaction. individual must be able to have the ability to lift moderate weight.]	[35]	[35]	35.21	Banquet Server	1.0	1	0	Banquet Server
v2	Assistant Restaurant Manager - Full Service	"Today, Hyatt specializes in deluxe hotels with meeting facilities and special services for the business traveler, operates hotels in major and secondary cities, airport locations, and leading resort areas throughout the world. In many cities Hyatt has made a significant contribution to revitalizing the area and spurring business and population growth. With the new hotels under development, Hyatt International will be creating more than 20,000 job opportunities throughout the world. Hyatt Hotels & Resorts have a reputation not only for their physical distinctiveness, incorporating local art and design, but also for the amenities and services provided. These special services include Hyatt Gold Passport, Hyatt's renowned recognition and award program for the frequent traveler; Regency Club, a VIP concierge floor; complimentary morning newspaper; specialty restaurants; and custom catering.  Assists in managing single, full-service food and beverage outlet on a daily basis and coordinates special events. May be responsible for staffing, scheduling and training of staff."	[today, hyatt specializes in deluxe hotels with meeting facilities and special services for the business traveler, operates hotels in major and secondary cities, airport locations, and leading resort areas throughout the world. in many cities hyatt has made a significant contribution to revitalizing the area and spurring business and population growth. with the new hotels under development, hyatt international will be creating more than 20,000 job opportunities throughout the world. hyatt hotels & resorts have a reputation not only for their physical distinctiveness, incorporating local art and design, but also for the amenities and services provided. these special services include hyatt gold passport, hyatt's renowned recognition and award program for the frequent traveler; regency club, a vip concierge floor; complimentary morning newspaper; specialty restaurants; and custom catering.  assists in managing single, full-service food and beverage outlet on a daily basis and coordinates special events. may be responsible for staffing, scheduling and training of staff.]	[35]	[35]	35.0	Restaurant Manager	0.83498585	1	0	Restaurant Manager
v2	Housekeeping Houseperson	"Today, Hyatt specializes in deluxe hotels with meeting facilities and special services for the business traveler, operates hotels in major and secondary cities, airport locations, and leading resort areas throughout the world. In many cities Hyatt has made a significant contribution to revitalizing the area and spurring business and population growth. With the new hotels under development, Hyatt International will be creating more than 20,000 job opportunities throughout the world. Hyatt Hotels & Resorts have a reputation not only for their physical distinctiveness, incorporating local art and design, but also for the amenities and services provided. These special services include Hyatt Gold Passport, Hyatt's renowned recognition and award program for the frequent traveler; Regency Club and Grand Club, VIP concierge floors; complimentary morning newspaper; specialty restaurants; and custom catering.   The Housekeeping Houseperson is responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of the hotel. This person must have good communication skills as well as the ability to lift, pull and push a moderate weight. This is a fast paced position."	[today, hyatt specializes in deluxe hotels with meeting facilities and special services for the business traveler, operates hotels in major and secondary cities, airport locations, and leading resort areas throughout the world. in many cities hyatt has made a significant contribution to revitalizing the area and spurring business and population growth. with the new hotels under development, hyatt international will be creating more than 20,000 job opportunities throughout the world. hyatt hotels & resorts have a reputation not only for their physical distinctiveness, incorporating local art and design, but also for the amenities and services provided. these special services include hyatt gold passport, hyatt's renowned recognition and award program for the frequent traveler; regency club and grand club, vip concierge floors; complimentary morning newspaper; specialty restaurants; and custom catering.   the housekeeping houseperson is responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of the hotel. this person must have good communication skills as well as the ability to lift, pull and push a moderate weight. this is a fast paced position.]	[37]	[37]	37.17	Houseperson	0.78651696	1	0	Houseperson OR Housekeeper
v2	Housekeeper / Room Attendant	"<i>Hyatt Corporation opened its first hotel on September 27, 1957. Today, there are 206 Hyatt Hotels and Resorts around the world, which are managed by two separate groups of companies. Subsidiaries of Hyatt International Corporation operate 61 hotels and 23 resorts in 39 countries, with an additional 15 hotels under development. Hyatt Hotels Corporation, a separate company, and its subsidiaries operate, lease and franchise 122 hotels and resorts in the United States, Canada, and the Caribbean.</i>  The Room Attendant is responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of the guest rooms assigned. This person must have the ability to lift, pull and push a moderate weight. This is a fast paced position. Previous cleaning experience as well as the ability to communicate to guests preferred."	[<i>hyatt corporation opened its first hotel on september 27, 1957. today, there are 206 hyatt hotels and resorts around the world, which are managed by two separate groups of companies. subsidiaries of hyatt international corporation operate 61 hotels and 23 resorts in 39 countries, with an additional 15 hotels under development. hyatt hotels corporation, a separate company, and its subsidiaries operate, lease and franchise 122 hotels and resorts in the united states, canada, and the caribbean.</i>  the room attendant is responsible for maintaining the cleanliness of the guest rooms assigned. this person must have the ability to lift, pull and push a moderate weight. this is a fast paced position. previous cleaning experience as well as the ability to communicate to guests preferred.]	[37]	[37]	37.0	Housekeeper	0.5	1	0	Housekeeper OR Room Attendant
v2	Recreation Coordinator	"This is professional, administrative, and supervisory work in the Department of Parks, Recreation and Cultural Arts. Incumbent coordinates recreation programs and events relating to scheduling by the Department.  Employees in this class are responsible for training, supervising and evaluating subordinate personnel who lead or assist with recreation activities and maintenance of facilities.  Duties include the incumbent’s personal participation in planning and implementing a wide range of recreation programs and activities."	[this is professional, administrative, and supervisory work in the department of parks, recreation and cultural arts. incumbent coordinates recreation programs and events relating to scheduling by the department.  employees in this class are responsible for training, supervising and evaluating subordinate personnel who lead, assist with recreation activities and maintenance of facilities.  duties include the incumbent’s personal participation in planning and implementing a wide range of recreation programs and activities.]	[39]	[39]	39.46	Recreation Coordinator	0.9994989	1	1	Recreation Coordinator
v2	Seasonal Substitute Water Exercise Instructor	"With a population of about 93,000, Olathe is the second largest among the 21 communities in prosperous Johnson County, and the fifth largest city in the state. It is located just 20 miles southwest of downtown Kansas City, with all of the cultural advantages of a major metropolitan area.  Community & Neighborhood Services Must be knowledgeable and have experience in the fundamentals of exercise & fitness in aquatics. Recruiting backup instructors to fill in for main instructors in their absence. Must be CPR certified. Classes are on Monday & Wednesday evenings from 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm beginning September 15, 2003. Salary: $15.00/hr. and up DOQ Apply to: Human Resources, 100 East Santa Fe, Olathe, Ks. 66061, email JobLine@olatheks.org or apply on-line at www.olatheks.org  Hours: Mon & Wed evenings 6:30 - 8:30 pm Salary: $15/hr & up DOQ  Application Deadline: Open Until Filled"	[with a population of about 93,000, olathe is the second largest among the 21 communities in prosperous johnson county, and the fifth largest city in the state. it is located just 20 miles southwest of downtown kansas city, with all of the cultural advantages of a major metropolitan area.  community & neighborhood services must be knowledgeable and have experience in the fundamentals of exercise & fitness in aquatics. recruiting backup instructors to fill in for main instructors in their absence. must be cpr certified. classes are on monday & wednesday evenings from 6:30 pm to 8:30 pm beginning september 15, 2003. salary: $15.00/hr. and up doq apply to: human resources, 100 east santa fe, olathe, ks. 66061, email jobline@olatheks.org, apply on-line at www.olatheks.org  hours: mon & wed evenings 6:30 - 8:30 pm salary: $15/hr & up doq  application deadline: open until filled]	[39]	[39]	39.27	Group Fitness Instructor	1.0	1	0	Group Fitness Instructor
v2	Casual Caregiver Attendant	"Casual Caregiver Attendant provides all of the services of both the Homemaker and Personal Caregiver to provide support for keeping the client integrated within their family while enabling them to remain at home rather than at a hospital or nursing institution.   Primary Job Duties & Responsibilities:   <b>-Personal Care Duties: (80% of Attendant Caregiver Time)</b> 1. Bathing, dressing, grooming, caring for hair and oral hygiene which are needed to facilitate treatment or prevent deterioration of the client?s health.  2. Changing the bed linens of an incontinent beneficiary.  3. Shaving, deodorant applications, skin care with lotions and/or powders.  4. Foot care.  5. Feeding.  6. Assistance with toileting.  7. Assistance with ambulation.  8. Use of assistive devices.  9. Changing position in bed.  10. Assistance with transfers.  11. Assistance with simple exercises.  12. Remind client to self-administer medication.  13. Companionship and recreational/socialization skill development.  14. Scheduling appointments  15. Cleaning client's bedroom.  16. Cleaning client's bathroom.  17. Change linens.  18. Laundry, including folding and ironing.  19. All meal planning, shopping, food preparation, and storage tasks necessary to provide meals that meet the nutritional needs of the client.  20. Laundry tasks required to maintain the member's clothing in a clean manner as well as neat in appearance.  21. Notifying your supervisor of any change in client's medical condition or social needs that may occur including daily charting and documentation.   <b>Homemaker Duties: (20% of Attendant Caregiver Time) </b> 1. All cleaning tasks necessary to attain and maintain safe and sanitary living conditions for the client.  Living Area - vacuum, dust, sweep, and mop floor  Bathroom - clean toilet, bathtub, shower, sink, sweep, and mop floor  Kitchen - sweep and mop floor, wipe counters, clean dishes, clean spills in the refrigerator, wipe appliances clean  2. Other duties personalized by your supervisor, which are necessary to assist the client in maintaining self-sufficiency, i.e. errands.  3. Notifying your supervisor of any change in client's medical condition or social needs that may occur including daily charting and documentation.  4. Incidental household work not related to the direct care of the client, such as:  - Paying bills  - Writing correspondence  - Scheduling repairman  - Yard Work  - Household repairs or modifications  - Caring for pet  - Gardening    While providing the above Attendant Caregiver services, including general household work, you must ensure that incidental household work (i.e. paying bills, engaging in home modifications, or repairs, etc.) does not exceed 20% of the total weekly time worked."	[casual caregiver attendant provides all of the services of both the homemaker and personal caregiver to provide support for keeping the client integrated within their family while enabling them to remain at home rather than at a hospital, nursing institution.   primary job duties & responsibilities:   <b>-personal care duties: (80% of attendant caregiver time)</b> 1. bathing, dressing, grooming, caring for hair and oral hygiene which are needed to facilitate treatment, prevent deterioration of the client?s health.  2. changing the bed linens of an incontinent beneficiary.  3. shaving, deodorant applications, skin care with lotions and/or powders.  4. foot care.  5. feeding.  6. assistance with toileting.  7. assistance with ambulation.  8. use of assistive devices.  9. changing position in bed.  10. assistance with transfers.  11. assistance with simple exercises.  12. remind client to self-administer medication.  13. companionship and recreational/socialization skill development.  14. scheduling appointments  15. cleaning client's bedroom.  16. cleaning client's bathroom.  17. change linens.  18. laundry, including folding and ironing.  19. all meal planning, shopping, food preparation, and storage tasks necessary to provide meals that meet the nutritional needs of the client.  20. laundry tasks required to maintain the member's clothing in a clean manner as well as neat in appearance.  21. notifying your supervisor of any change in client's medical condition, social needs that may occur including daily charting and documentation.   <b>homemaker duties: (20% of attendant caregiver time) </b> 1. all cleaning tasks necessary to attain and maintain safe and sanitary living conditions for the client.  living area - vacuum, dust, sweep, and mop floor  bathroom - clean toilet, bathtub, shower, sink, sweep, and mop floor  kitchen - sweep and mop floor, wipe counters, clean dishes, clean spills in the refrigerator, wipe appliances clean  2. other duties personalized by your supervisor, which are necessary to assist the client in maintaining self-sufficiency, i.e. errands.  3. notifying your supervisor of any change in client's medical condition, social needs that may occur including daily charting and documentation.  4. incidental household work not related to the direct care of the client, such as:  - paying bills  - writing correspondence  - scheduling repairman  - yard work  - household repairs, modifications  - caring for pet  - gardening    while providing the above attendant caregiver services, including general household work, you must ensure that incidental household work (i.e. paying bills, engaging in home modifications,, repairs, etc.) does not exceed 20% of the total weekly time worked.]	[39]	[39]	39.30	Personal Care Attendant	1.0	1	0	Personal Care Attendant
v2	ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER( MENSWEAR )	"Dynamic national retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the NY, LI, WESTCHESTER and NEW JERSY regions. Responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $15MM unit. Will supervise Department Managers and Sales Associates and communicate with Buyers and Visual Merchandising.  Annual performance bonus up to $10,000."	[dynamic national retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the ny, li, westchester and new jersy regions. responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $15mm unit. will supervise department managers and sales associates and communicate with buyers and visual merchandising.  annual performance bonus up to $10,000.]	[41]	[41]	41.3	Assistant Store Manager	0.5	1	0	Assistant Store Manager
v2	Store Manager/Assistant Manager	"RETAIL MANAGEMENT OPPORTUNITIES!!  LINENS 'N THINGS  Come Grow with Us!!  Linens 'n Things is the largest linens and home furnishings specialty retailer in the nation. With 240 stores currently, we plan to open over 180 stores over the next three years.  Due to this exciting growth and unprecedented earnings, we are looking for Store Managers and Assistant Store Managers who will thrive on our entrepreneurial spirit and the opportunity for unlimited advancement. Our 35,000 sq. ft. superstores have immediate openings in several locations.  We offer very competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package."	[retail management opportunities!!  linens 'n things  come grow with us!!  linens 'n things is the largest linens and home furnishings specialty retailer in the nation. with 240 stores currently, we plan to open over 180 stores over the next three years.  due to this exciting growth and unprecedented earnings, we are looking for store managers and assistant store managers who will thrive on our entrepreneurial spirit and the opportunity for unlimited advancement. our 35,000 sq. ft. superstores have immediate openings in several locations.  we offer very competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package.]	[41]	[41]	41.3	Assistant Store Manager	0.3648279	1	0	Assistant Store Manager
v2	Sales Engineer	"This $250MM factory automation organization, with a $5.6B parent company is actively seeking Sales Engineer based in Memphis, TN. This Sales Engineer will service a territory including Western Tennessee, Arkansas, and Mississippi. Candidates must have 3 years experience in factory automation sales, familiar with PLC's, sensors, MMI (man machine interface), relay switches, drives, and support of factory automation products. Responsibilities will include service, support and sales within OEM accounts, as well as territory and key account development."	[this $250mm factory automation organization, with a $5.6b parent company is actively seeking sales engineer based in memphis, tn. this sales engineer will service a territory including western tennessee, arkansas, and mississippi. candidates must have 3 years experience in factory automation sales, familiar with plc's, sensors, mmi (man machine interface), relay switches, drives, and support of factory automation products. responsibilities will include service, support and sales within oem accounts, as well as territory and key account development.]	[41]	[41]	41.25	Sales Engineer	1.0	1	1	Sales Engineer
v2	ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER( MENSWEAR )	"Dynamic regional retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the PHILADELPHIA, DC, BALTIMORE, NY, LI, WESTCHESTER and NEW JERSY regions. Responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $15MM unit. Will supervise Department Managers and Sales Associates and communicate with Buyers and Visual Merchandising.  Generous annual performance bonus offerred."	[dynamic regional retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the philadelphia, dc, baltimore, ny, li, westchester and new jersy regions. responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $15mm unit. will supervise department managers and sales associates and communicate with buyers and visual merchandising.  generous annual performance bonus offerred.]	[41]	[41]	41.3	Assistant Store Manager	0.5	1	0	Assistant Store Manager
v2	ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER	"Dynamic regional retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the PHILADELPHIA, DC, BALTIMORE, NY, LI, WESTCHESTER and NEW JERSY regions. Responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $8-23MM unit. Will supervise Department Managers and Sales Associates and communicate with Buyers and Visual Merchandising.  Annual performance bonus up to $9600.00."	[dynamic regional retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the philadelphia, dc, baltimore, ny, li, westchester and new jersy regions. responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $8-23mm unit. will supervise department managers and sales associates and communicate with buyers and visual merchandising.  annual performance bonus up to $9600.00.]	[41]	[41]	41.3	Assistant Store Manager	0.5	1	1	Assistant Store Manager
v2	Pre-sales Consultant	"RELOCATION IS NOT REQUIRED  SynQuest provides One2One e-business solutions for profitably managing the total supply chain.  Through real-time management capabilities, SynQuest products help companies improve responsiveness for each and every customer order.  At the same time, SynQuest products provide the best financial answer to customer experience and order fulfillment goals.  SynQuest is seeking an experienced Pre-sales Consultant, who understands e-busineess.  You will work with our sales staff to sell our software and services to Fortune 1000 Manufacturing clients.  You will prepare and present technical demonstrations of our Supply Chain Solution.  You will conduct site surveys, prepare responses to RFPs and assist in developing the sales strategy."	[relocation is not required  synquest provides one2one e-business solutions for profitably managing the total supply chain.  through real-time management capabilities, synquest products help companies improve responsiveness for each and every customer order.  at the same time, synquest products provide the best financial answer to customer experience and order fulfillment goals.  synquest is seeking an experienced pre-sales consultant, who understands e-busineess.  you will work with our sales staff to sell our software and services to fortune 1000 manufacturing clients.  you will prepare and present technical demonstrations of our supply chain solution.  you will conduct site surveys, prepare responses to rfps and assist in developing the sales strategy.]	[41]	[41]	41.36	Solution Sales Representative	0.42892528	1	0	Sales Consultant
v2	Insurance Sales Representative	"JOB DESCRIPTION: *Personal, one-to-one sales and service of individual life and health  insurance *Existing customers ready to call on at home and on the job *Hot lead generating system for new customers. *On-the-job training for prospecting and selling *Simplified prospecting system *High front end commissions paid, plus servicing fee, renewals and  bonuses *Great benefits package which includes health insurance, 401K, pension  plan and more! *No degree or experience necessary, minimum travel. *Agents with 2 or more years experience averaged $40+ *Top Ten Agents averaged over $110K  ABOUT LIBERTY NATIONAL LIFE: *Over 100 years old *Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama *Over 100 offices in the Southeast. *Each office employs a district manager, sales managers and agents *Wholly-owned subsidiary of Torchmark Corporation *Torchmark is one of the largest publicly held life and health insurers  in the nation *Torchmark is a New York Stock Exchange listed company (TMK)"	[job description: *personal, one-to-one sales and service of individual life and health  insurance *existing customers ready to call on at home and on the job *hot lead generating system for new customers. *on-the-job training for prospecting and selling *simplified prospecting system *high front end commissions paid, plus servicing fee, renewals and  bonuses *great benefits package which includes health insurance, 401k, pension  plan and more! *no degree, experience necessary, minimum travel. *agents with 2, more years experience averaged $40+ *top ten agents averaged over $110k  about liberty national life: *over 100 years old *headquartered in birmingham, alabama *over 100 offices in the southeast. *each office employs a district manager, sales managers and agents *wholly-owned subsidiary of torchmark corporation *torchmark is one of the largest publicly held life and health insurers  in the nation *torchmark is a new york stock exchange listed company (tmk)]	[41]	[41]	41.4	Insurance Sales Agent	0.5	1	0	Insurance Sales Agent
v2	SALES REPRESENTATIVE	"Growing frozen food products manufacturer/distributor looking to add 2 experienced sales reps to their team.  Calling on small store accounts (mom & pop stores, liquor stores, etc) to expand customer base and calling on existing accounts to upgrade product mix.  Excellent opportunity, great management team.  2 Territories open in Greater Orange County."	[growing frozen food products manufacturer/distributor looking to add 2 experienced sales reps to their team.  calling on small store accounts (mom & pop stores, liquor stores, etc) to expand customer base and calling on existing accounts to upgrade product mix.  excellent opportunity, great management team.  2 territories open in greater orange county.]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	1.0	1	1	Sales Representative
v2	Telemarketer	"Outbound telesales position contacting existent customers, potential customers, and vendors supporting our sales and marketing directives.  Projects include database cleansing, trade show invitations, lead qualifications surveys and follow up. Great for candidates that want to have a career in Direct Marketing. Salary based on experience."	[outbound telesales position contacting existent customers, potential customers, and vendors supporting our sales and marketing directives.  projects include database cleansing, trade show invitations, lead qualifications surveys and follow up. great for candidates that want to have a career in direct marketing. salary based on experience.]	[41]	[41]	41.10779	Sales Telemarketer	0.7295725	1	0	Sales Telemarketer
v2	ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE ACCESSORIES	"An innovative & progressive international branded company is actively seeking an entrepreneurial Account Executive to service Department Stores.  The individual must have existing relationships in selling accessories or related products to Buyers, Divisional Merchandise Managers and General Merchandise Managers at the nation's leading department stores.  Must have excellent negotiating skills, be able to project sales plans and gross margins, negotiate markdown dollars and co-op advertising.  Responsible for managing in-store merchandise coordinators.  Kristine McFarland, Executive Recruiter  km@fairfieldinternational.com"	[an innovative & progressive international branded company is actively seeking an entrepreneurial account executive to service department stores.  the individual must have existing relationships in selling accessories, related products to buyers, divisional merchandise managers and general merchandise managers at the nation's leading department stores.  must have excellent negotiating skills, be able to project sales plans and gross margins, negotiate markdown dollars and co-op advertising.  responsible for managing in-store merchandise coordinators.  kristine mcfarland, executive recruiter  km@fairfieldinternational.com]	[41]	[41]	41.8	Account Executive	1.0	1	0	Account Executive
v2	Chemical Sales Representative	"Sales/service of water treatment chemicals in SW Ohio area Candidate must have 3+ years of chemical sales/service exp. Considerable service work, along with sales, in this job. We are NOT looking for a heavy-hitter here (no applications will be considered with more than 7 years of water treatment/ chemical sales exp., as salary won't exceed those levels.) Company car and terrific benefit package offered with this major water treatment chemical company.  Immediate hire."	[sales/service of water treatment chemicals in sw ohio area candidate must have 3+ years of chemical sales/service exp. considerable service work, along with sales, in this job. we are not looking for a heavy-hitter here (no applications will be considered with more than 7 years of water treatment/ chemical sales exp., as salary won't exceed those levels.) company car and terrific benefit package offered with this major water treatment chemical company.  immediate hire.]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	0.91160977	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	PRE-SALES ENGINEER	"Analyze the prospective client business requirements in the area of maintenance work management, material management,procurement management, project management, and accounting management. Analyze business opportunities and account strategy with sales team. Configure HORIZON Suite of application software to meet the prospective business requirement. Present HORIZON Suite of application software to prospective clients. Assist the sales team in analysis and RFP responses."	[analyze the prospective client business requirements in the area of maintenance work management, material management,procurement management, project management, and accounting management. analyze business opportunities and account strategy with sales team. configure horizon suite of application software to meet the prospective business requirement. present horizon suite of application software to prospective clients. assist the sales team in analysis and rfp responses.]	[41]	[41]	41.25	Sales Engineer	1.0	1	0	Sales Engineer
v2	Store Manager	"Just For feet is an Athletic entertainment retail marvel that is sweeping the nation and treading on the competition! But we didn't get here overnight. Running in the lead takes hard work. And we realize that we will have to continue to push if we want to remain ahead of the pack. So you will never have an opportunity to work as hard as you will for us and you will never have a chance to have as much fun while you work. We were ranked by Fortune Magazine as the 6th fastest growing company in America. Our tremendous growth can be attributed to our unique approach to business. We are a big box entertainment retailer. Translation: our stores are typically 16,000 to 18,000 square feet of FUN! Walking into one of our stores is like going on a sensory rollercoaster ride. Where else can you see over 4,000 styles of the best athletic footwear and apparel? Not anywhere on this planet! Our stores also feature an indoor basketball court, and a 12-foot computerized video wall airing live sporting events and music videos.There is nothing like us in retail today! Will you enjoy every minute as a member of the Just For Feet team? just about. People join this awesome company for a variety of reasons, but they usually stay because there is nowhere else they can find such a mixture of hard work, great fun, and amazing benefits. Oh, and let's not forget the unbelievable opportunities for advancement! *Health and Dental Insurance *401k Plan and Stock Options *Life and Disability Insurance *Paid Vacations *Discounts *Comprehensive Training"	[just for feet is an athletic entertainment retail marvel that is sweeping the nation and treading on the competition! but we didn't get here overnight. running in the lead takes hard work. and we realize that we will have to continue to push if we want to remain ahead of the pack. so you will never have an opportunity to work as hard as you will for us and you will never have a chance to have as much fun while you work. we were ranked by fortune magazine as the 6th fastest growing company in america. our tremendous growth can be attributed to our unique approach to business. we are a big box entertainment retailer. translation: our stores are typically 16,000 to 18,000 square feet of fun! walking into one of our stores is like going on a sensory rollercoaster ride. where else can you see over 4,000 styles of the best athletic footwear and apparel? not anywhere on this planet! our stores also feature an indoor basketball court, and a 12-foot computerized video wall airing live sporting events and music videos.there is nothing like us in retail today! will you enjoy every minute as a member of the just for feet team? just about. people join this awesome company for a variety of reasons, but they usually stay because there is nowhere else they can find such a mixture of hard work, great fun, and amazing benefits. oh, and let's not forget the unbelievable opportunities for advancement! *health and dental insurance *401k plan and stock options *life and disability insurance *paid vacations *discounts *comprehensive training]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.15	Store Manager	0.9943317	1	1	Store Manager
v2	Retail Store Manager / Director - fast track	"Achieve a balance between your home life and your retail career by joining a well-established retailer opening up to 30 stores annually. Family friendly hours of operation, rotate weekends off, and all stores are closed on Sundays.  The training period for Store Manager is typically 3 - 9 months depending on your level of experience. An ideal candidate for this position will be comfortable in all aspects of retail management, including retail store operations, sales, customer service, merchandising, creative display, merchandise presentation.   <p>Starting salary range is 38k - 45k while in training for the Store Manager position. Store Managers typically earn 55k - 65k annually. <p>This is a high-growth opportunity and will require an initial relocation upon hire. <b>All new hires must be able to relocate</b> in some manner. This is a subject that can be negotiated during the interview process to accommodate both your regional preferences and current company needs. Relocation assistance is provided.  <b>Benefits include:</b><ul> <li><i> competitive salaries <li> bonus incentive <li> paid vacations <li> 401k plan <li> medical and dental insurance <li> life insurance <li> merchandise discounts</i> </ul> <b>All company stores are...closed on Sunday's!</b>"	[achieve a balance between your home life and your retail career by joining a well-established retailer opening up to 30 stores annually. family friendly hours of operation, rotate weekends off, and all stores are closed on sundays.  the training period for store manager is typically 3 - 9 months depending on your level of experience. an ideal candidate for this position will be comfortable in all aspects of retail management, including retail store operations, sales, customer service, merchandising, creative display, merchandise presentation.   <p>starting salary range is 38k - 45k while in training for the store manager position. store managers typically earn 55k - 65k annually. <p>this is a high-growth opportunity and will require an initial relocation upon hire. <b>all new hires must be able to relocate</b> in some manner. this is a subject that can be negotiated during the interview process to accommodate both your regional preferences and current company needs. relocation assistance is provided.  <b>benefits include:</b><ul> <li><i> competitive salaries <li> bonus incentive <li> paid vacations <li> 401k plan <li> medical and dental insurance <li> life insurance <li> merchandise discounts</i> </ul> <b>all company stores are...closed on sunday's!</b>]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.67	Sales Manager	0.6105358	1	0	Store Manager
v2	Branch Financial Sales Consultan	":  Sell PNC Bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  Appropriately match PNC products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  Identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to PNC Bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  Establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. Exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the Bank. Essential Functions: (1) Sales Activities:  Identify financial needs of customers and recommend PNC products and services to meet those needs.  Aggressively seek out opportunities with prospective customers.  Continuously work to exceed customer expectations through proactive sales and servicing skills.  Maintain an awareness of products that are offered through other lines of business (Business Banking, Mortgage, Brokerage).  (2):  Alternative Delivery:  Understand and utilize alternative delivery techniques and products.  Offer all available channels (branch, phone, ATM, on-line) to meet the customers’ changing banking needs.  Educate customers on the value and use of alternative delivery channels.  (3) Business Development:  Work with Sector Manager to maintain and improve customer retention efforts.  Must work with Sector Sales Manager to meet business development goals for the branch, building and cultivating broad-based, profitable relationships with customers.  Identify opportunities to cross-sell bank products and services and aggressively seek out opportunities with prospective customers.  (4) Technical/Functional:  Ensure the branch’s safety and soundness through compliance with internal operating policies/procedures.  Understand products and services and have the ability to explain their benefits and features to the customer.  (5) Communication:  Clearly communicate, both orally and in writing, to customers, management and other lines of business.  Demonstrate composure, sensitivity, and professionalism in communication with irate customers.  Demonstrate strong telephone skills and maintain a high degree of professionalism during prospecting calls."	[:  sell pnc bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  appropriately match pnc products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to pnc bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the bank. essential functions: (1) sales activities:  identify financial needs of customers and recommend pnc products and services to meet those needs.  aggressively seek out opportunities with prospective customers.  continuously work to exceed customer expectations through proactive sales and servicing skills.  maintain an awareness of products that are offered through other lines of business (business banking, mortgage, brokerage).  (2):  alternative delivery:  understand and utilize alternative delivery techniques and products.  offer all available channels (branch, phone, atm, on-line) to meet the customers’ changing banking needs.  educate customers on the value and use of alternative delivery channels.  (3) business development:  work with sector manager to maintain and improve customer retention efforts.  must work with sector sales manager to meet business development goals for the branch, building and cultivating broad-based, profitable relationships with customers.  identify opportunities to cross-sell bank products and services and aggressively seek out opportunities with prospective customers.  (4) technical/functional:  ensure the branch’s safety and soundness through compliance with internal operating policies/procedures.  understand products and services and have the ability to explain their benefits and features to the customer.  (5) communication:  clearly communicate, both orally and in writing, to customers, management and other lines of business.  demonstrate composure, sensitivity, and professionalism in communication with irate customers.  demonstrate strong telephone skills and maintain a high degree of professionalism during prospecting calls.]	[41]	[41]	41.34	Financial Sales Consultant	1.0	1	0	Financial Sales Consultant
v2	Retail Sales Specialist	"INTERESTED IN  HOME THEATER AND HDTV?  Are you interested in training, educating and motivating retail sales people on how to sell the latest digital, home theater and audio technology? We need professional, enthusiastic and eager manufacturer sales representatives to promote RCA and Proscan brands for our client.   You will be responsible for exceeding monthly training, sales and store visit quotas.  You will manage a territory of over 60 national/regional retail accounts.   Fax resumes to (949) 753-1769, or e-mail recruit7@bdsmarketing.com; or call 1-800-234-4237 x 723."	[interested in  home theater and hdtv?  are you interested in training, educating and motivating retail sales people on how to sell the latest digital, home theater and audio technology? we need professional, enthusiastic and eager manufacturer sales representatives to promote rca and proscan brands for our client.   you will be responsible for exceeding monthly training, sales and store visit quotas.  you will manage a territory of over 60 national/regional retail accounts.   fax resumes to (949) 753-1769,, e-mail recruit7@bdsmarketing.com;, call 1-800-234-4237 x 723.]	[41]	[41]	41.17	Sales Specialist	0.8486435	1	0	Sales Specialist
v2	Outside Account Executive	"Working for a 1 year old start-up company selling High Band width internet access.  Product is better and faster than any on the market and company is in explosive growth mode.  Position will be a working from virtual office (home office), with all hardware and communication equipment supplied by the company.  Positions are being filled ASAP."	[working for a 1 year old start-up company selling high band width internet access.  product is better and faster than any on the market and company is in explosive growth mode.  position will be a working from virtual office (home office), with all hardware and communication equipment supplied by the company.  positions are being filled asap.]	[41]	[41]	41.8	Account Executive	1.0	1	0	Account Executive
v2	Financial Sales Consultant	Sell PNC Bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  Appropriately match PNC products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  Identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to PNC Bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  Establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. Exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the Bank.	[sell pnc bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  appropriately match pnc products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to pnc bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the bank.]	[41]	[41]	41.34	Financial Sales Consultant	1.0	1	1	Financial Sales Consultant
v2	Financial Sales Consultant	Sell PNC Bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  Appropriately match PNC products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  Identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to PNC Bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  Establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. Exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the Bank.	[sell pnc bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  appropriately match pnc products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to pnc bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the bank.]	[41]	[41]	41.34	Financial Sales Consultant	1.0	1	1	Financial Sales Consultant
v2	Senior Investment Consultant	"PNC BROKERAGE, CORP., the retail broker-dealer subsidiary of PNC Bank N.A. is a premier brokerage firm with a sales culture focused on client needs rather than product-oriented selling. We are currently seeking qualified candidates to join our team of investment professionals in the Scranton and Wilkes Barre regions.  You will be responsible for analyzing client's financial needs and selling a wide range of investment products. The successful candidate will have a thorough understanding of investment markets and products, demonstrated sales ability, and at least 2 years of experience in a broker-dealer. NASD Series 7 and Series 63 licenses are required.  PNC Bank is an equal opportunity, drug, smoke free employer M/F/D/V/SO."	[pnc brokerage, corp., the retail broker-dealer subsidiary of pnc bank n.a. is a premier brokerage firm with a sales culture focused on client needs rather than product-oriented selling. we are currently seeking qualified candidates to join our team of investment professionals in the scranton and wilkes barre regions.  you will be responsible for analyzing client's financial needs and selling a wide range of investment products. the successful candidate will have a thorough understanding of investment markets and products, demonstrated sales ability, and at least 2 years of experience in a broker-dealer. nasd series 7 and series 63 licenses are required.  pnc bank is an equal opportunity, drug, smoke free employer m/f/d/v/so.]	[41, 13]	[13]	13.31057	Investment Consultant	1.0	1	0	Investment Consultant
v2	Financial Sales Consultant	Job Purpose:  Sell PNC Bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  Appropriately match PNC products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  Identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to PNC Bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  Establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. Exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the Bank.	[job purpose:  sell pnc bank products and services to customers to fulfill their financial service needs.  appropriately match pnc products and services to specific customer needs based on proactive selling and profiling techniques.  identify and act upon opportunities to refer customers to pnc bank specialists from other lines of business who sell specific products that meet the customer’s needs.  establish and maintain customer satisfaction as the singular priority in all activities in order to enhance customer relationships. exhibit proactive sales techniques that lead to increased revenue for the bank.]	[41]	[41]	41.34	Financial Sales Consultant	1.0	1	1	Financial Sales Consultant
v2	Sales Associate	"BDS Marketing, a national marketing services agency, in partnership with Excite@home, seeks enthusiastic individuals to sell Cable Access Internet products in local consumer electronics stores. Friday evenings, Saturdays & Sundays. Excellent base plus incentives.  Must have great communication skills and sales experience.  Computer knowledge a plus!   Call 800-234-4237, ext. 722 Fax (949) 753-1769 Email recruit7@bdsmarketing.com."	[bds marketing, a national marketing services agency, in partnership with excite@home, seeks enthusiastic individuals to sell cable access internet products in local consumer electronics stores. friday evenings, saturdays & sundays. excellent base plus incentives.  must have great communication skills and sales experience.  computer knowledge a plus!   call 800-234-4237, ext. 722 fax (949) 753-1769 email recruit7@bdsmarketing.com.]	[41]	[41]	41.5	Sales Associate	0.9944574	1	1	Sales Associate
v2	Store Manager	"Just For feet is an Athletic entertainment retail marvel that is sweeping the nation and treading on the competition! But we didn't get here overnight. Running in the lead takes hard work. And we realize that we will have to continue to push if we want to remain ahead of the pack. So you will never have an opportunity to work as hard as you will for us and you will never have a chance to have as much fun while you work. We were ranked by Fortune Magazine as the 6th fastest growing company in America. Our tremendous growth can be attributed to our unique approach to business. We are a big box entertainment retailer. Translation: our stores are typically 16,000 to 18,000 square feet of FUN! Walking into one of our stores is like going on a sensory rollercoaster ride. Where else can you see over 4,000 styles of the best athletic footwear and apparel? Not anywhere on this planet! Our stores also feature an indoor basketball court, and a 12-foot computerized video wall airing live sporting events and music videos.There is nothing like us in retail today! Will you enjoy every minute as a member of the Just For Feet team? just about. People join this awesome company for a variety of reasons, but they usually stay because there is nowhere else they can find such a mixture of hard work, great fun, and amazing benefits. Oh, and let's not forget the unbelievable opportunities for advancement! *Health and Dental Insurance *401k Plan and Stock Options *Life and Disability Insurance *Paid Vacations *Discounts *Comprehensive Training"	[just for feet is an athletic entertainment retail marvel that is sweeping the nation and treading on the competition! but we didn't get here overnight. running in the lead takes hard work. and we realize that we will have to continue to push if we want to remain ahead of the pack. so you will never have an opportunity to work as hard as you will for us and you will never have a chance to have as much fun while you work. we were ranked by fortune magazine as the 6th fastest growing company in america. our tremendous growth can be attributed to our unique approach to business. we are a big box entertainment retailer. translation: our stores are typically 16,000 to 18,000 square feet of fun! walking into one of our stores is like going on a sensory rollercoaster ride. where else can you see over 4,000 styles of the best athletic footwear and apparel? not anywhere on this planet! our stores also feature an indoor basketball court, and a 12-foot computerized video wall airing live sporting events and music videos.there is nothing like us in retail today! will you enjoy every minute as a member of the just for feet team? just about. people join this awesome company for a variety of reasons, but they usually stay because there is nowhere else they can find such a mixture of hard work, great fun, and amazing benefits. oh, and let's not forget the unbelievable opportunities for advancement! *health and dental insurance *401k plan and stock options *life and disability insurance *paid vacations *discounts *comprehensive training]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.15	Store Manager	0.9943317	1	1	Store Manager
v2	In Store Sales Rep	"Are you interested in presenting and selling Canon's latest technology in bubble jet printers to consumers at major retail locations?  We need enthusiastic, goal oriented, sales motivated professionals to sell Canon printers.  Part-time on Friday evenings, Saturdays and Sundays.  Base pay, commissions + bonus.  Superior communication skills a MUST!  Paid training begins soon!    GREAT RESUME BUILDER!  CALL 800-234-4237 x722 FAX 949-753-1769 EMAIL Recruit7@bdsmarketing.com"	[are you interested in presenting and selling canon's latest technology in bubble jet printers to consumers at major retail locations?  we need enthusiastic, goal oriented, sales motivated professionals to sell canon printers.  part-time on friday evenings, saturdays and sundays.  base pay, commissions + bonus.  superior communication skills a must!  paid training begins soon!    great resume builder!  call 800-234-4237 x722 fax 949-753-1769 email recruit7@bdsmarketing.com]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	1.0	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	Inside Sales Manager	"This successful Omaha based client has an immediate opening for  an Inside Sales Manager.  This position is an addition to staff due to growth. Responsibilities include supervise department staff, on-the-job training, scheduling, and solving problems.  Assist in establishing and achieving team goals and quality control.  Review all employees for performance  and salary administrations, interviewing, conducting promotions, and terminations when necessary."	[this successful omaha based client has an immediate opening for  an inside sales manager.  this position is an addition to staff due to growth. responsibilities include supervise department staff, on-the-job training, scheduling, and solving problems.  assist in establishing and achieving team goals and quality control.  review all employees for performance  and salary administrations, interviewing, conducting promotions, and terminations when necessary.]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	1.0	1	0	Sales Manager
v2	GLOBAL ACCOUNT SALES ENGINEER	"Dynamic, global company is opening a new market in Global Accounts.  These are defined as accounts which rank as Fortune 1000 customers, and national accounts. As part of the sales team, you would provide pre-sales technical support to an account team tasked with devveloping business with these Fortune 1000 accounts in the defined marketplace.  You will develop voice and data solutions to meet customer needs, includng pre-sales solution configuration and technical proposal responses.  You will also conduct pre-sales presentations and provide responses to customer's technical questions.  You must have excellent knowledge of network design and configuration of voice and data communications."	[dynamic, global company is opening a new market in global accounts.  these are defined as accounts which rank as fortune 1000 customers, and national accounts. as part of the sales team, you would provide pre-sales technical support to an account team tasked with devveloping business with these fortune 1000 accounts in the defined marketplace.  you will develop voice and data solutions to meet customer needs, includng pre-sales solution configuration and technical proposal responses.  you will also conduct pre-sales presentations and provide responses to customer's technical questions.  you must have excellent knowledge of network design and configuration of voice and data communications.]	[41]	[41]	41.25	Sales Engineer	1.0	1	0	Sales Engineer
v2	TRAVEL AGENT - CORPORATE & LEISURE	"TRAVEL AGENT – Corporate Travel   - $35K - $37K ++  OUR CLIENT, a New York City based Travel Agency that specializes in both Corporate and Leisure Travel is seeking an experienced Agent with a minimum of 3 years of CORPORATE & some Leisure travel experience.  We pride ourselves on  our  personalized service. 24 hours a day. What's more, we offer our clients their own personal travel representative who will quickly get to know their needs and preferences. That way, we can design both their business and vacation travel plans to meet their individual specifications.  Whether it's business meetings, international travel assistance, personal vacation planning, passport and visa services, or international cellular phone rentals, we're here to help.  We offer our clients the lowest prices! Period.  We guarantee the lowest airline fares via the Sabre System of ticketing. We provide the lowest corporate hotel rates in the industry. We have negotiated rates with most corporate hotels and luxury resorts worldwide.  We can access Internet airfares and ticket your Internet reservations.  We use  state-of-the-art technology AND are seeking the right person to join our team. We want someone with the experience and customer service skills who can provide the care and personal attention that we are noted for.  We offer a competitive salary + incentives for booking of new corporate clients as well as Travel & other benefits."	[travel agent – corporate travel   - $35k - $37k ++  our client, a new york city based travel agency that specializes in both corporate and leisure travel is seeking an experienced agent with a minimum of 3 years of corporate & some leisure travel experience.  we pride ourselves on  our  personalized service. 24 hours a day. what's more, we offer our clients their own personal travel representative who will quickly get to know their needs and preferences. that way, we can design both their business and vacation travel plans to meet their individual specifications.  whether it's business meetings, international travel assistance, personal vacation planning, passport and visa services,, international cellular phone rentals, we're here to help.  we offer our clients the lowest prices! period.  we guarantee the lowest airline fares via the sabre system of ticketing. we provide the lowest corporate hotel rates in the industry. we have negotiated rates with most corporate hotels and luxury resorts worldwide.  we can access internet airfares and ticket your internet reservations.  we use  state-of-the-art technology and are seeking the right person to join our team. we want someone with the experience and customer service skills who can provide the care and personal attention that we are noted for.  we offer a competitive salary + incentives for booking of new corporate clients as well as travel & other benefits.]	[41]	[41]	41.76	Travel Agent	1.0	1	0	Travel Agent
v2	Store Manager 11hh243	"Please specify appropriate job number according to location: 11hh243a - Chicago, IL 11hh243c - Washington, DC 11hh243d - Boston, MA Experienced store manager for a growing company with 10,00 square foot stores. Individuals will be responsible for managing 15 people, store sales, shrink, visual, and replenishment. Seeking indiviual whos is artistic, creative, business savvy with hard goods experience"	[please specify appropriate job number according to location: 11hh243a - chicago, il 11hh243c - washington, dc 11hh243d - boston, ma experienced store manager for a growing company with 10,00 square foot stores. individuals will be responsible for managing 15 people, store sales, shrink, visual, and replenishment. seeking indiviual whos is artistic, creative, business savvy with hard goods experience]	[11, 41]	[41]	41.67	Sales Manager	0.4758062	1	0	Store Manager
v2	"INSIDE SALES, MUSIC INDUSTRY!"	Fun company that manufactures products for musicians and other types of companies....Assist in design of the products with the clients over the phones and in person...deal with other departments to see that products are manufactured on schedule.	[fun company that manufactures products for musicians and other types of companies....assist in design of the products with the clients over the phones and in person...deal with other departments to see that products are manufactured on schedule.]	[41]	[41]	41.14	Inside Sales Representative	0.6966546	1	0	Inside Sales Representative
v2	Telemarketing	"Marietta company has opportunity for money motivated sales professions.   My client is a well established company and has been in business for over 37 years.  If you are outgoing and have a positive attitude this in an excellent opportunity to sell the companies line of maintence supply and cleaning products.   You will work from the clients office Monday - Friday 7am to 3pm or 8am to 4pm.   Sales leads are provided and this is a business casual enviroment.   Salary plus commission, bonus, full benefits and training program.   Immediate requirement"	[marietta company has opportunity for money motivated sales professions.   my client is a well established company and has been in business for over 37 years.  if you are outgoing and have a positive attitude this in an excellent opportunity to sell the companies line of maintence supply and cleaning products.   you will work from the clients office monday - friday 7am to 3pm, 8am to 4pm.   sales leads are provided and this is a business casual enviroment.   salary plus commission, bonus, full benefits and training program.   immediate requirement]	[41]	[41]	41.10779	Sales Telemarketer	1.0	1	0	Sales Telemarketer
v2	Large Group Sales Representative	Sells group health products to area employers and employees to meet established departmental sales goals. Valid Health and Life License. Assist Director of Sales in development of sales plans for the market. Retain existing membership thru group retention	[sells group health products to area employers and employees to meet established departmental sales goals. valid health and life license. assist director of sales in development of sales plans for the market. retain existing membership thru group retention]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	0.47591466	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	Commercial Lines Account Executive	"Well known, well estasblished P&C agency is seeking commercial lines Account Executive to handle a diversified book of business.    Commercial Lines Account Executive related terms:  technical assistant, customer service representative, account executive, account manager, surety, bonds, retention specialist, inside insurance sales professional, producer, supervisor, client specialist, client advisor, broker, csr"	[well known, well estasblished p&c agency is seeking commercial lines account executive to handle a diversified book of business.    commercial lines account executive related terms:  technical assistant, customer service representative, account executive, account manager, surety, bonds, retention specialist, inside insurance sales professional, producer, supervisor, client specialist, client advisor, broker, csr]	[41]	[41]	41.8	Account Executive	0.35852236	1	0	Account Executive
v2	Insurance Sales Representative	"JOB DESCRIPTION: *Personal, one-to-one sales and service of individual life and health  insurance *Existing customers ready to call on at home and on the job *Hot lead generating system for new customers. *On-the-job training for prospecting and selling *Simplified prospecting system *High front end commissions paid, plus servicing fee, renewals and  bonuses *Great benefits package which includes health insurance, 401K, pension  plan and more! *No degree or experience necessary, minimum travel. *Agents with 2 or more years experience averaged $40+ *Top Ten Agents averaged over $110K  ABOUT LIBERTY NATIONAL LIFE: *Over 100 years old *Headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama *Over 100 offices in the Southeast. *Each office employs a district manager, sales managers and agents *Wholly-owned subsidiary of Torchmark Corporation *Torchmark is one of the largest publicly held life and health insurers  in the nation *Torchmark is a New York Stock Exchange listed company (TMK)"	[job description: *personal, one-to-one sales and service of individual life and health  insurance *existing customers ready to call on at home and on the job *hot lead generating system for new customers. *on-the-job training for prospecting and selling *simplified prospecting system *high front end commissions paid, plus servicing fee, renewals and  bonuses *great benefits package which includes health insurance, 401k, pension  plan and more! *no degree, experience necessary, minimum travel. *agents with 2, more years experience averaged $40+ *top ten agents averaged over $110k  about liberty national life: *over 100 years old *headquartered in birmingham, alabama *over 100 offices in the southeast. *each office employs a district manager, sales managers and agents *wholly-owned subsidiary of torchmark corporation *torchmark is one of the largest publicly held life and health insurers  in the nation *torchmark is a new york stock exchange listed company (tmk)]	[41]	[41]	41.4	Insurance Sales Agent	0.5	1	0	Insurance Sales Agent
v2	Outside Sales Representatives	"Crystal Springs, a nationally recognized leader in the water industry is seeking professional candidates with previous Business to Business sales experience in a service oriented industry for an Outside Sales Rep position in the King of Prussia, West Philadelphia and surronding areas."	[crystal springs, a nationally recognized leader in the water industry is seeking professional candidates with previous business to business sales experience in a service oriented industry for an outside sales rep position in the king of prussia, west philadelphia and surronding areas.]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	1.0	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	Specialty Sales Representative - Analgesic & Anti-Inflammatory	"Enhancing and preserving the quality of life. This is the commitment that Merck & Co., Inc. stands on and, it is what has distinguished us as the world's leading research-driven health products company. Consistently ranked by Fortune as one of the ""100 Best Companies to Work for in America,"" we discover, develop and manufacture a wide range of innovative products. Merck develops breakthrough medicines and treatments that offer a new lease on life. At Merck, improving patient health isn't just what we do; it's who we are, sharing a passion for life that brings out the best in a diverse workforce of 78,000 people.   The territory includes Statesboro, GA.  The A&A Specialty Sales Representative has overall responsibility for the development and management of the business relationship with targeted therapeutic specialists and customers focusing on the promotion of Vioxx. The Specialty Representative will use a high-science selling and consultative approach, and will integrate his/her activities with office-based and hospital representatives and other Merck personnel in the assigned geography. The Specialty Representative is responsible for maximizing the development and productivity of local advocates for assigned products and will play a key role in the implementation of selected process/practice management tools to improve the adoption of Merck products.   We offer a competitive salary, an outstanding benefits package, a professional work environment and opportunities for professional growth. To apply, please visit www.merck.com/careers and search for job number ""SPE000995"". We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V."	[enhancing and preserving the quality of life. this is the commitment that merck & co., inc. stands on and, it is what has distinguished us as the world's leading research-driven health products company. consistently ranked by fortune as one of the 100 best companies to work for in america, we discover, develop and manufacture a wide range of innovative products. merck develops breakthrough medicines and treatments that offer a new lease on life. at merck, improving patient health isn't just what we do; it's who we are, sharing a passion for life that brings out the best in a diverse workforce of 78,000 people.   the territory includes statesboro, ga.  the a&a specialty sales representative has overall responsibility for the development and management of the business relationship with targeted therapeutic specialists and customers focusing on the promotion of vioxx. the specialty representative will use a high-science selling and consultative approach, and will integrate his/her activities with office-based and hospital representatives and other merck personnel in the assigned geography. the specialty representative is responsible for maximizing the development and productivity of local advocates for assigned products and will play a key role in the implementation of selected process/practice management tools to improve the adoption of merck products.   we offer a competitive salary, an outstanding benefits package, a professional work environment and opportunities for professional growth. to apply, please visit www.merck.com/careers and search for job number spe000995. we are an equal opportunity employer, m/f/d/v.]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	1.0	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	Insurance Agent	"American Family Insurance, we built our business on financial strength and exceptional service. And for more than 75 years, our growth has been the proof of our success. Why does all this matter? Because an insurance policy is only as good as the company backing it up.  The job entails:  <li>Marketing to prospect new clients and to service existing and potential clients.    <li>An opportunity to be self-employed with a backing of a large insurance company.    <li>Solicits and informs potential policy holders through a variety of methods.  <li>Potential for large income, intially majority of work is in prospecting and selling clients through various methods."	[american family insurance, we built our business on financial strength and exceptional service. and for more than 75 years, our growth has been the proof of our success. why does all this matter? because an insurance policy is only as good as the company backing it up.  the job entails:  <li>marketing to prospect new clients and to service existing and potential clients.    <li>an opportunity to be self-employed with a backing of a large insurance company.    <li>solicits and informs potential policy holders through a variety of methods.  <li>potential for large income, intially majority of work is in prospecting and selling clients through various methods.]	[41, 43]	[41]	41.4	Insurance Sales Agent	1.0	1	0	Insurance Sales Agent
v2	LICENSED INSURANCE AGENT - LEADS PROVIDED	"Since 1919, Combined Insurance Company of America has been bringing quality supplemental accident, disability, health and life insurance to individuals and families across the United States and 11 other countries. Combined Insurance Company of America is a subsidiary of AON Corporation, one of the largest insurance, brokerage and consulting firms in the world. Combined is the largest of AON’s insurance underwriting companies. Combined’s in-depth training and merit-based promotions help individuals achieve business, family and financial goals, while turning jobs into careers.  <b>Your Opportunity</b>   <ul><li>Enjoy the reward of performance-based compensation, company trip incentives and other contest/bonus incentives  <li>Benefit from continual training & development in the classroom and field  <li>Have security with our outstanding benefit package including; major benefits including medical/dental, disability, 401K AND Employee Stock Purchase Plan,2 weeks expense paid classroom training,7 week field training program, advanced commissions  <li>Take advantage of advancement base on merit and performance, not seniority.</ul>   <b>Our Sales Agents are responsible for:</b>   <ul><li><b>Leads Provided</b>  <li>Appointment setting  <li>Prospect/client needs analysis  <li>Solution recommendations to client <li>Attending Regional and Divisional Sales meetings</ul>"	[since 1919, combined insurance company of america has been bringing quality supplemental accident, disability, health and life insurance to individuals and families across the united states and 11 other countries. combined insurance company of america is a subsidiary of aon corporation, one of the largest insurance, brokerage and consulting firms in the world. combined is the largest of aon’s insurance underwriting companies. combined’s in-depth training and merit-based promotions help individuals achieve business, family and financial goals, while turning jobs into careers.  <b>your opportunity</b>   <ul><li>enjoy the reward of performance-based compensation, company trip incentives and other contest/bonus incentives  <li>benefit from continual training & development in the classroom and field  <li>have security with our outstanding benefit package including; major benefits including medical/dental, disability, 401k and employee stock purchase plan,2 weeks expense paid classroom training,7 week field training program, advanced commissions  <li>take advantage of advancement base on merit and performance, not seniority.</ul>   <b>our sales agents are responsible for:</b>   <ul><li><b>leads provided</b>  <li>appointment setting  <li>prospect/client needs analysis  <li>solution recommendations to client <li>attending regional and divisional sales meetings</ul>]	[41]	[41]	41.4	Insurance Sales Agent	1.0	1	0	Insurance Sales Agent
v2	Outside Sales	"ZEP MANUFACTURING, a division of Acuity Brands, as 65 year old international leader in the specialty chemical industry has an IMMEDIATE opening for an OUTSIDE BUSINES TO BUSINESS INDUSTRIAL SALES REPRESENTATIVE  WE ARE LOOKING FOR A SUPERSTAR, WHO BREAKS ALL THE RECORDS, WINS EVERY CONTEST AND RISES TO THE TOP IN EVERY SITUATION AND WHAT WANTS AN UNLIMITED INCOME POTENTIAL.  AS A SALES REP FOR ZEP YOU HAVE THE OPPORTUNITY TO SELL TO A VERY BROAD GROUP OF BUSINESSES AND INDUSTRIES WITH OVER 2000 PRODUCTS TO OFFER YOUR CUSTOMERS.  CHECK OUR WEB SITE TO REVIEW THE MANY PRODUCT CATAGORIES.  ZEP OFFERS: ...Training throughout your career ...Account Protection ...No overnight travel ...Repeat sales ...Benefits including Medical/Dental, 401K, Profit Sharing ...All employees are W2'd employees of the company  &gt;&gt;&gt;ZEP Manufacturing is an Equal Opportunity Employer  &gt;&gt;&gt;Sorry we do NOT offer H1 Visas at this time."	[zep manufacturing, a division of acuity brands, as 65 year old international leader in the specialty chemical industry has an immediate opening for an outside busines to business industrial sales representative  we are looking for a superstar, who breaks all the records, wins every contest and rises to the top in every situation and what wants an unlimited income potential.  as a sales rep for zep you have the opportunity to sell to a very broad group of businesses and industries with over 2000 products to offer your customers.  check our web site to review the many product catagories.  zep offers: ...training throughout your career ...account protection ...no overnight travel ...repeat sales ...benefits including medical/dental, 401k, profit sharing ...all employees are w2'd employees of the company  &gt;&gt;&gt;zep manufacturing is an equal opportunity employer  &gt;&gt;&gt;sorry we do not offer h1 visas at this time.]	[41]	[41]	41.58	Outside Sales Media Consultant	1.0	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	Sales Manager - Excellent Opportunity with Established Company!!	"Since its founding in 1888, The Western and Southern Life Insurance Company has adhered to a basic principle: service to policyholders. High-quality personalized service has always been, and will continue to be, the company's primary objective. The company maintains more than 180 offices operating in 23 states and the District of Columbia and provides more than 2,100 licensed, experienced field personnel to assess your personal situation and make recommendations based on your individual needs. This personal touch has made the company what it is today – a financial institution recognized throughout the industry for its outstanding stability and strength.  For the person who seeks different challenges, the Sales Management track is worth exploring. Western and Southern Life associates promoted to management see their primary responsibilities change from serving current customers and prospecting for potential customers to recruiting, attracting, and developing Sales Representatives. For some, nothing is more rewarding than having firsthand responsibility for another person's growth and success.   Primary functions are: <li>Recruit, attract, supervise and develop sales representatives <li>Analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of each sales rep and implement marketing, sales, abd education strategies to maximize productivity and professional development <li>Maximize customer service <li>Assist in the establishment and monitoring of a professional work environment and ensure a positive, values-driven culture <li>Set standards and expectations and be responsible for the ethical market conduct of sales reps <li>Enforce and abide by company rules and regulations and protect company assets  <b>COMPETITIVE COMPENSATION AND BENEFITS FROM A COMPANY WITH SOME OF THE HIGHEST RATINGS IN THE LIFE INSURANCE INDUSTRY AND A BROAD PORTFOLIO OF LIFE, HEALTH, ANNUITY, AND INVESTMENT PRODUCTS. A COMPANY MORE THAN 115 YEARS OLD WITH OVER $25 BILLION IN ASSETS.</b>"	[since its founding in 1888, the western and southern life insurance company has adhered to a basic principle: service to policyholders. high-quality personalized service has always been, and will continue to be, the company's primary objective. the company maintains more than 180 offices operating in 23 states and the district of columbia and provides more than 2,100 licensed, experienced field personnel to assess your personal situation and make recommendations based on your individual needs. this personal touch has made the company what it is today – a financial institution recognized throughout the industry for its outstanding stability and strength.  for the person who seeks different challenges, the sales management track is worth exploring. western and southern life associates promoted to management see their primary responsibilities change from serving current customers and prospecting for potential customers to recruiting, attracting, and developing sales representatives. for some, nothing is more rewarding than having firsthand responsibility for another person's growth and success.   primary functions are: <li>recruit, attract, supervise and develop sales representatives <li>analyze and evaluate the effectiveness of each sales rep and implement marketing, sales, abd education strategies to maximize productivity and professional development <li>maximize customer service <li>assist in the establishment and monitoring of a professional work environment and ensure a positive, values-driven culture <li>set standards and expectations and be responsible for the ethical market conduct of sales reps <li>enforce and abide by company rules and regulations and protect company assets  <b>competitive compensation and benefits from a company with some of the highest ratings in the life insurance industry and a broad portfolio of life, health, annuity, and investment products. a company more than 115 years old with over $25 billion in assets.</b>]	[41, 11]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	0.35762936	1	0	Sales Manager
v2	Specialty Sales Representative - Analgesic & Anti-Inflammatory	"Enhancing and preserving the quality of life. This is the commitment that Merck & Co., Inc. stands on and, it is what has distinguished us as the world's leading research-driven health products company. Consistently ranked by Fortune as one of the ""100 Best Companies to Work for in America,"" we discover, develop and manufacture a wide range of innovative products. Merck develops breakthrough medicines and treatments that offer a new lease on life. At Merck, improving patient health isn't just what we do; it's who we are, sharing a passion for life that brings out the best in a diverse workforce of 78,000 people.   Analgesic & Anti-Inflammatory Specialty Sales Representative for Oakham, MA. This territory also encompasses Andover and Springfield, MA.  The A&A Specialty Sales Representative has overall responsibility for the development and management of the business relationship with targeted therapeutic specialists and customers focusing on the promotion of Vioxx. The Specialty Representative will use a high-science selling and consultative approach, and will integrate his/her activities with office-based and hospital representatives and other Merck personnel in the assigned geography. The Specialty Representative is responsible for maximizing the development and productivity of local advocates for assigned products and will play a key role in the implementation of selected process/practice management tools to improve the adoption of Merck products.   We offer a competitive salary, an outstanding benefits package, a professional work environment and opportunities for professional growth. To apply, please visit www.merck.com/careers and search for job number ""SPE000852"". We are an Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V."	[enhancing and preserving the quality of life. this is the commitment that merck & co., inc. stands on and, it is what has distinguished us as the world's leading research-driven health products company. consistently ranked by fortune as one of the 100 best companies to work for in america, we discover, develop and manufacture a wide range of innovative products. merck develops breakthrough medicines and treatments that offer a new lease on life. at merck, improving patient health isn't just what we do; it's who we are, sharing a passion for life that brings out the best in a diverse workforce of 78,000 people.   analgesic & anti-inflammatory specialty sales representative for oakham, ma. this territory also encompasses andover and springfield, ma.  the a&a specialty sales representative has overall responsibility for the development and management of the business relationship with targeted therapeutic specialists and customers focusing on the promotion of vioxx. the specialty representative will use a high-science selling and consultative approach, and will integrate his/her activities with office-based and hospital representatives and other merck personnel in the assigned geography. the specialty representative is responsible for maximizing the development and productivity of local advocates for assigned products and will play a key role in the implementation of selected process/practice management tools to improve the adoption of merck products.   we offer a competitive salary, an outstanding benefits package, a professional work environment and opportunities for professional growth. to apply, please visit www.merck.com/careers and search for job number spe000852. we are an equal opportunity employer, m/f/d/v.]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	1.0	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	Appointment Setting: AM and PM	"Are you looking for that perfect part-time job?  We have the opening for you. Positions to start as soon as Monday-10/06/03  Hours:   Schedule 1: Monday- Friday  10am- 3pm  (optional: Saturday 10-2pm)   Schedule 2: Monday- Thursday 5pm- 9pm and Saturday 10am- 2pm   Location: South Orlando, (Sand Lake Road/ Orange Ave area)  Position:  Outbound calls (Cold calling) to prospective clients looking to re-finance a mortgage and setting appointments for a representative to discuss the companies Mortgage services.  Length:  Long-term  Pay rate:  Starts at $9.00/hr  Potential to earn up to $10.00/hr after 90 days.  Casual work environment.        * Must meet all attendence and performance measures during employment period to be eligible for pay increase."	[are you looking for that perfect part-time job?  we have the opening for you. positions to start as soon as monday-10/06/03  hours:   schedule 1: monday- friday  10am- 3pm  (optional: saturday 10-2pm)   schedule 2: monday- thursday 5pm- 9pm and saturday 10am- 2pm   location: south orlando, (sand lake road/ orange ave area)  position:  outbound calls (cold calling) to prospective clients looking to re-finance a mortgage and setting appointments for a representative to discuss the companies mortgage services.  length:  long-term  pay rate:  starts at $9.00/hr  potential to earn up to $10.00/hr after 90 days.  casual work environment.        * must meet all attendence and performance measures during employment period to be eligible for pay increase.]	[41]	[41]	41.30478	Appointment Setter	0.62384814	1	0	Appointment Setter
v2	Sales Manager	"The company provides:  ·A generous base income and commission, car allowance. At plan first year $75,000-$85,000, uncapped structure, 6 month ramp up.   ·401K, pension plan, stock purchase, vacation, medical, dental, life, disability  ·Outstanding training and support tools to achieve your fullest potential  ·Career path and growth opportunity for successful performer   Job Location: Los Angeles, CA (NOW hiring Sales Manager, Working Manager and Sales Rep Positions)  The Company is one of the world’s leading providers of products and services that assists law firms and corporations with law departments. With fiscal 2001 revenues of $5.3 billion, this Company has 600 locations worldwide including the United States, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Ireland and Denmark. This Company was recognized by Selling Power magazine as one of the 10 best companies to work for in the service sector and ranked as one of the top 50 companies to sell for overall. The ranking was based on data in the areas of compensation, training and career mobility. If you are seeking an organization that will draw upon your education, strong work ethic and passion for success consider a career with this company. They will provide the environment, colleagues and compensation that will allow you to make the most of your talents and your future.   keywords, general manager, branch sales manager, territory manager, reginal manager,sales manager, assistant sales manager, legal sales manager, sales director, account executive, outside sales, sales executive, account manager, legal sales, sales representative, advertising sales, pharmaceutical sales, software sales, financial, industrial, telecommunications, medical, health care, sales rep"	[the company provides:  ·a generous base income and commission, car allowance. at plan first year $75,000-$85,000, uncapped structure, 6 month ramp up.   ·401k, pension plan, stock purchase, vacation, medical, dental, life, disability  ·outstanding training and support tools to achieve your fullest potential  ·career path and growth opportunity for successful performer   job location: los angeles, ca (now hiring sales manager, working manager and sales rep positions)  the company is one of the world’s leading providers of products and services that assists law firms and corporations with law departments. with fiscal 2001 revenues of $5.3 billion, this company has 600 locations worldwide including the united states, canada, mexico, the united kingdom, france, germany, ireland and denmark. this company was recognized by selling power magazine as one of the 10 best companies to work for in the service sector and ranked as one of the top 50 companies to sell for overall. the ranking was based on data in the areas of compensation, training and career mobility. if you are seeking an organization that will draw upon your education, strong work ethic and passion for success consider a career with this company. they will provide the environment, colleagues and compensation that will allow you to make the most of your talents and your future.   keywords, general manager, branch sales manager, territory manager, reginal manager,sales manager, assistant sales manager, legal sales manager, sales director, account executive, outside sales, sales executive, account manager, legal sales, sales representative, advertising sales, pharmaceutical sales, software sales, financial, industrial, telecommunications, medical, health care, sales rep]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	1.0	1	1	Sales Manager
v2	Store Managers	"<b>AutoZone</b> is built on customer service, spirit and pride. We have a rich history and culture that's both friendly and casual. But our ultimate goal is to exceed our customers' expectations.   When you join <b>AutoZone</b>, you'll be part of a multi-billion dollar Fortune 500 corporation that is relentlessly creating the most exciting Zone for vehicle solutions. With over 3,000 stores in the United States and Mexico, we're looking for people who are committed to providing outstanding customer service. In return, employees get competitive benefits and an opportunity to grow. Come be a part of our team.  We are currently seeking <b>Store Managers</b>.  You will manage the operations of the retail store including scheduling, training, inventory control, cash management, loss prevention and directing the store team to provide customer service."	[<b>autozone</b> is built on customer service, spirit and pride. we have a rich history and culture that's both friendly and casual. but our ultimate goal is to exceed our customers' expectations.   when you join <b>autozone</b>, you'll be part of a multi-billion dollar fortune 500 corporation that is relentlessly creating the most exciting zone for vehicle solutions. with over 3,000 stores in the united states and mexico, we're looking for people who are committed to providing outstanding customer service. in return, employees get competitive benefits and an opportunity to grow. come be a part of our team.  we are currently seeking <b>store managers</b>.  you will manage the operations of the retail store including scheduling, training, inventory control, cash management, loss prevention and directing the store team to provide customer service.]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.67	Sales Manager	0.42541474	1	0	Store Manager
v2	Sales Engineer	"The Sales Engineer supports the sales representatives to answer technical questions regarding our software, hardware and its integration with customer telephone systems.  In addition, the Sales Engineer is responsible for assisting the Sales and Marketing Department in the production of responses to bid proposals, and in coordinating and attending trade shows, customer demonstrations and sales appointments.  The Sales Engineer also assists the Operations Department technicians with research, development, installation and troubleshooting issues related to the operation of the products.      RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES:  - Assist in drafting answers to technical questions in RFP’s - Demo the Products to Prospects or current clients - Demo the Products at trade shows. - Liaison between Sales department and Operations department - Liaison between product development and technical department re: new product features - Competitive research in technology industry - Support and sell all Products - Support the sales teams - Assist in onsite installations when necessary  - Manage and store all trade show equipment - Project management on certain accounts"	[the sales engineer supports the sales representatives to answer technical questions regarding our software, hardware and its integration with customer telephone systems.  in addition, the sales engineer is responsible for assisting the sales and marketing department in the production of responses to bid proposals, and in coordinating and attending trade shows, customer demonstrations and sales appointments.  the sales engineer also assists the operations department technicians with research, development, installation and troubleshooting issues related to the operation of the products.      responsibilities and duties:  - assist in drafting answers to technical questions in rfp’s - demo the products to prospects, current clients - demo the products at trade shows. - liaison between sales department and operations department - liaison between product development and technical department re: new product features - competitive research in technology industry - support and sell all products - support the sales teams - assist in onsite installations when necessary  - manage and store all trade show equipment - project management on certain accounts]	[41]	[41]	41.25	Sales Engineer	1.0	1	1	Sales Engineer
v2	Personal Financial Representative Sr.1 (FT) - Palomar Airport (1	"Washington Mutual offers talented and motivated people the opportunity to do the best work of their lives in a dynamic and growing company. Our friendly, progressive work environment is based on respect for each person's unique contributions, no matter your age, gender, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, disability or religious beliefs. Through internal advancement opportunities, competitive salaries, outstanding benefits, and nationally recognized community involvement - you'll have the chance to create a career that you can be proud of. Don't miss your chance to join our winning team!  Senior Personal Financial Representative (Sr. PFR) is a second level position for this job family. As a Sr. PFR, you will provide paying and receiving services to customers, and you will sell and process routine deposit accounts and related bank services in Financial Centers (FCs). You'll also refer customers to other bank products, all types of mortgage lending, consumer lending, and products affiliated with Washington Mutual Financial Services (WMFS). You're expected to master sales techniques and basic consumer lending. You should also increase your knowledge of more complex product offerings, and develop proficiency in basic (unsecured) consumer lending. As Sr. PFR you are expected to be the sales floor leader.  In this position, you're responsible for helping to make our customers' experience in the FC the best it can possibly be. We want to foster an environment in which our customers keep coming back. An essential part of fostering this environment is directing FC floor activities to make sure that customers' needs are met, and that their questions are answered.  All applicants must be flexible to work Monday-Friday 9am-6pm and Saturday 9am-1pm.  Will consider PFR"	[washington mutual offers talented and motivated people the opportunity to do the best work of their lives in a dynamic and growing company. our friendly, progressive work environment is based on respect for each person's unique contributions, no matter your age, gender, ethnic origin, sexual orientation, disability, religious beliefs. through internal advancement opportunities, competitive salaries, outstanding benefits, and nationally recognized community involvement - you'll have the chance to create a career that you can be proud of. don't miss your chance to join our winning team!  senior personal financial representative (sr. pfr) is a second level position for this job family. as a sr. pfr, you will provide paying and receiving services to customers, and you will sell and process routine deposit accounts and related bank services in financial centers (fcs). you'll also refer customers to other bank products, all types of mortgage lending, consumer lending, and products affiliated with washington mutual financial services (wmfs). you're expected to master sales techniques and basic consumer lending. you should also increase your knowledge of more complex product offerings, and develop proficiency in basic (unsecured) consumer lending. as sr. pfr you are expected to be the sales floor leader.  in this position, you're responsible for helping to make our customers' experience in the fc the best it can possibly be. we want to foster an environment in which our customers keep coming back. an essential part of fostering this environment is directing fc floor activities to make sure that customers' needs are met, and that their questions are answered.  all applicants must be flexible to work monday-friday 9am-6pm and saturday 9am-1pm.  will consider pfr]	[41, 43, 13]	[41]	41.30158	Personal Financial Representative	1.0	1	0	Personal Financial Representative
v2	Director of TeleSales	"UnitedHealthcare, a UnitedHealth Group company, provides network-based health and well-being benefits and services for employers and consumers nationwide. We use our strength, diversity and innovation to improve the lives of the more than 16 million people who receive our unique blend of packages and programs. And our endless pursuit for excellence in everything we do extends to your career as well. Join us today for an inspired and purposeful mix of professional growth opportunities and personal rewards.  The Director of TeleSales will be responsible to increase revenue and membership for a start up organization by assembling, training and selling individual medical, dental and life insurance for this inbound and outbound telemarketing unit. Sales personnel in this unit will all be licensed agents in the respective states UHC is selling individual and small group medical products. Special attention will be dedicated to assembling the necessary call center infrastructure to accommodate this unit that will account for approximately 15% of total sales. The Director of TeleSales will also have responsibility to third party vendor relationships including e-commerce agents and the like. In addition, part of the telemarketing unit will include inside brokerage sales representatives designed to increase individual and small group medical sales with traditionally less productive agents.   The Director of TeleSales will also have responsibility for working with Marketing to implement effective direct mail campaigns to increase inbound call activity. While managing the day-to-day operations of the telemarketing function, the Director of TeleSales will develop and monitor the application of operating systems including policies and procedures, operating structure, and information flow. In addition, this person will ensure the volume of work produced meets/exceeds production standards. Emphasis will be placed on developing a business plan for success including budget development. It will also be necessary to establish and maintain industry relations communicating technologies and operational concerns through industry networking."	[unitedhealthcare, a unitedhealth group company, provides network-based health and well-being benefits and services for employers and consumers nationwide. we use our strength, diversity and innovation to improve the lives of the more than 16 million people who receive our unique blend of packages and programs. and our endless pursuit for excellence in everything we do extends to your career as well. join us today for an inspired and purposeful mix of professional growth opportunities and personal rewards.  the director of telesales will be responsible to increase revenue and membership for a start up organization by assembling, training and selling individual medical, dental and life insurance for this inbound and outbound telemarketing unit. sales personnel in this unit will all be licensed agents in the respective states uhc is selling individual and small group medical products. special attention will be dedicated to assembling the necessary call center infrastructure to accommodate this unit that will account for approximately 15% of total sales. the director of telesales will also have responsibility to third party vendor relationships including e-commerce agents and the like. in addition, part of the telemarketing unit will include inside brokerage sales representatives designed to increase individual and small group medical sales with traditionally less productive agents.   the director of telesales will also have responsibility for working with marketing to implement effective direct mail campaigns to increase inbound call activity. while managing the day-to-day operations of the telemarketing function, the director of telesales will develop and monitor the application of operating systems including policies and procedures, operating structure, and information flow. in addition, this person will ensure the volume of work produced meets/exceeds production standards. emphasis will be placed on developing a business plan for success including budget development. it will also be necessary to establish and maintain industry relations communicating technologies and operational concerns through industry networking.]	[41, 11]	[11]	11.21	Sales Director	0.73310494	1	0	Sales Director
v2	Retail Store Manager Trainee - Automotive	"<b>Take A Career Turn For The Better</b>   Pep Boys does more than repair cars. A lot more. We offer smart, capable people the opportunity to have great careers with the nation's leading automotive aftermarket retail and service chain. We hire good people and train & develop them to be the best in our industry. Pep Boys strongly believes in promoting from within. And with a full-fledged Field Operations Management Team located throughout the continental United States and Puerto Rico, opportunities for advancement are plentiful.     <b>Retail Store Manager</b>   We have an opportunity in the Field Operations Team for a Manager in Training in the Minneapolis market.  Thorough orientation and training on-location is provided.   Pep Boys offers competitive compensation and a benefits program which includes:   * Bonus Plan  * Stock Options  * 401K  * Major medical/dental/life  * STD & LTD insurance   Please forward your resume with salary requirements, via e-mail to: dondretta_strong@pepboys.com.  Please include the position that you are appling for in the cover letter.  Pep Boys supports a drug-free working environment and is an equal opportunity employer.   This company is an equal-opportunity employer."	[<b>take a career turn for the better</b>   pep boys does more than repair cars. a lot more. we offer smart, capable people the opportunity to have great careers with the nation's leading automotive aftermarket retail and service chain. we hire good people and train & develop them to be the best in our industry. pep boys strongly believes in promoting from within. and with a full-fledged field operations management team located throughout the continental united states and puerto rico, opportunities for advancement are plentiful.     <b>retail store manager</b>   we have an opportunity in the field operations team for a manager in training in the minneapolis market.  thorough orientation and training on-location is provided.   pep boys offers competitive compensation and a benefits program which includes:   * bonus plan  * stock options  * 401k  * major medical/dental/life  * std & ltd insurance   please forward your resume with salary requirements, via e-mail to: dondretta_strong@pepboys.com.  please include the position that you are appling for in the cover letter.  pep boys supports a drug-free working environment and is an equal opportunity employer.   this company is an equal-opportunity employer.]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.13	Sales Management Trainee	0.33333334	1	0	Store Manager
v2	Sales Specialist / Manager Trainee	"<b>A Unique Opportunity…For a Unique Individual</b>  Combined Life Insurance Company of New York, enjoying its 83-year in business, is currently looking for that unique individual. Do you…  <ul><li>Like to compete? *Like to Win?  <li>Keep Score? ·Have a high energy level?  <li>Want to be compensated based on performance?  <li>Advance your career to its highest level?</ul> If you answered yes, then take a close look at Combined Life Insurance Company of New York!  <b>THE LIFE/HEALTH division has both Sales Specialist and Manager Trainee positions available for licensed agents and non-licensed agents. </b>   <b>We offer the following: </b> <ul><li> A consumer driven product portfolio  <li>A industry recognized lead system  <li>Proven successful sales system  <li>Expense paid training  <li>Comprehensive Corporate Benefit Package  <li>Career advancement based on merit…not tenure!  <li>Residual Income  <li>An organization with a positive philosophy</ul>"	[<b>a unique opportunity…for a unique individual</b>  combined life insurance company of new york, enjoying its 83-year in business, is currently looking for that unique individual. do you…  <ul><li>like to compete? *like to win?  <li>keep score? ·have a high energy level?  <li>want to be compensated based on performance?  <li>advance your career to its highest level?</ul> if you answered yes, then take a close look at combined life insurance company of new york!  <b>the life/health division has both sales specialist and manager trainee positions available for licensed agents and non-licensed agents. </b>   <b>we offer the following: </b> <ul><li> a consumer driven product portfolio  <li>a industry recognized lead system  <li>proven successful sales system  <li>expense paid training  <li>comprehensive corporate benefit package  <li>career advancement based on merit…not tenure!  <li>residual income  <li>an organization with a positive philosophy</ul>]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.17	Sales Specialist	1.0	1	0	Sales Specialist
v2	Inside Sales – Family Service Counselor	"<b>Are You Seeking an Opportunity to Work in a Professional Sales Environment?  We are an affiliate of Service Corporation International, the largest provider of funeral and cemetery services in the world.  We currently have career opportunities waiting for motivated sales professionals who care about others. We are seeking individuals with integrity, who are service minded, energetic, financially ambitious, and enjoy helping others. Experience in the Funeral Home or Cemetery Industry is helpful but not necessary. We provide excellent structured training both in the classroom and in the field. If you desire the opportunity to earn a substantial income while helping others in their time of need, then contact us to arrange for an interview.  For qualified individuals, we are offering: · Significant Income Potential  · Full Benefit Package · Management/Advancement Opportunities · Flexible Hours  Company Information: <u>Service Corporation International</u> (SCI) was founded in 1962 and is the largest provider of funeral and cemetery services in the world.  The company's stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol <u>SRV</u>.  As of December 31, 2002, the Company operated 2,393 funeral service locations, 451 cemeteries and 189 crematoria located in eight countries.  Fiscal year 2002 total revenues exceeded $2.2 billion of which $1.7 billion was generated from North American operations.  For more information, check out our corporate web site at <u>www.sci-corp.com</u>.  Additional information on SCI’s products and services is available at <u>www.dignitymemorial.com</u> and <u>www.mem.com</u>.   Equal Opportunity Employer, M/F/D/V."	[<b>are you seeking an opportunity to work in a professional sales environment?  we are an affiliate of service corporation international, the largest provider of funeral and cemetery services in the world.  we currently have career opportunities waiting for motivated sales professionals who care about others. we are seeking individuals with integrity, who are service minded, energetic, financially ambitious, and enjoy helping others. experience in the funeral home, cemetery industry is helpful but not necessary. we provide excellent structured training both in the classroom and in the field. if you desire the opportunity to earn a substantial income while helping others in their time of need, then contact us to arrange for an interview.  for qualified individuals, we are offering: · significant income potential  · full benefit package · management/advancement opportunities · flexible hours  company information: <u>service corporation international</u> (sci) was founded in 1962 and is the largest provider of funeral and cemetery services in the world.  the company's stock is traded on the new york stock exchange under the ticker symbol <u>srv</u>.  as of december 31, 2002, the company operated 2,393 funeral service locations, 451 cemeteries and 189 crematoria located in eight countries.  fiscal year 2002 total revenues exceeded $2.2 billion of which $1.7 billion was generated from north american operations.  for more information, check out our corporate web site at <u>www.sci-corp.com</u>.  additional information on sci’s products and services is available at <u>www.dignitymemorial.com</u> and <u>www.mem.com</u>.   equal opportunity employer, m/f/d/v.]	[41, 21]	[21]	21.15	Family Counselor	1.0	1	0	Family Counselor
v2	Regional Account Executive	"Industry leading niche-advertising company is seeking an energetic, motivated and talented sales rep to run a territory as a display advertising specialist.  This organization is a household name in Northern California and needs someone to help increase its market share.  As an advertising specialist you will handle display, career, employment and classified advertising responsibilities.  This would include making outbound business development calls and driving business in your region.  The positive company culture, investments in upward mobility and growth, great brand identification and quality service are but a few of the elements this company provides.  They are a subsidiary of a Fortune 1500 company and are growing both in size and profitability."	[industry leading niche-advertising company is seeking an energetic, motivated and talented sales rep to run a territory as a display advertising specialist.  this organization is a household name in northern california and needs someone to help increase its market share.  as an advertising specialist you will handle display, career, employment and classified advertising responsibilities.  this would include making outbound business development calls and driving business in your region.  the positive company culture, investments in upward mobility and growth, great brand identification and quality service are but a few of the elements this company provides.  they are a subsidiary of a fortune 1500 company and are growing both in size and profitability.]	[41]	[41]	41.8	Account Executive	1.0	1	0	Account Executive
v2	Insurance Sales Agent	"OUTSTANDING CAREER OPPORTUNITY  I am a busy Insurance Executive who needs someone to personally learn all aspects of my business.  That person must be able to make decisions, be of good moral character and be eager to learn.  He or She will be involved in all areas of sales operation and could go into management.  Sales experience will help, but is not necessary.  I am primarily looking for attitude and personality.  Many company fringe benefits available.  Opportunity to earn up to $150,000 the first year.  This position offers unlimited upward mobility for someone who is a hard worker and determined to succeed. For scheduling a confidential interview, please call 209-478-2171.  EOC. M/F/H/"	[outstanding career opportunity  i am a busy insurance executive who needs someone to personally learn all aspects of my business.  that person must be able to make decisions, be of good moral character and be eager to learn.  he, she will be involved in all areas of sales operation and could go into management.  sales experience will help, but is not necessary.  i am primarily looking for attitude and personality.  many company fringe benefits available.  opportunity to earn up to $150,000 the first year.  this position offers unlimited upward mobility for someone who is a hard worker and determined to succeed. for scheduling a confidential interview, please call 209-478-2171.  eoc. m/f/h/]	[41]	[41]	41.4	Insurance Sales Agent	1.0	1	1	Insurance Sales Agent
v2	Sales Manager	"<b>Field Sales Manager – Senior Market</b>  Sterling Life Insurance Company is a nationally recognized organization offering health (and life) insurance plans designed for the senior market, the fastest growing and wealthiest population. We are seeking a Field Sales Manager. The ideal candidate will have 2 years successful field sales experience, a background in insurance sales and enjoy working with seniors. Excellent communication and sales agent training skills required. Local market experience is a plus. <b><u>What’s in it for you?</b></u> <ul><li>Commissions + Bonuses + Renewals</li> <li>Group healthcare benefits</li> <li>401(k) plan</li> <li>Stock purchase plan</li> <li>Contests, awards & trips</li> <li><b>Remarkable growth and income potential</li></b></ul>  If you would like a rewarding & exciting career, please click the “Apply Online” button below.  You may also apply offline by calling 888-268-9661.  Bill Fischer Market Manager Sterling Life Insurance Company  Sterling Life Insurance Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer M/F/D/V    Key Words: sales, marketing, customer service, finance, medical, financial, entry level, business, retail, relations, insurance, entry, customer, medical, healthcare, business, business development, manager, management, supervisor, teacher, training, recruiter, business development, director, analyst, accounting, finance, sales, management, consultant, consulting, banker, executive, series 7, series 6, insurance, commission, agent, attorney, teacher, stockbroker, financial planner, equities, securities and business owner."	[<b>field sales manager – senior market</b>  sterling life insurance company is a nationally recognized organization offering health (and life) insurance plans designed for the senior market, the fastest growing and wealthiest population. we are seeking a field sales manager. the ideal candidate will have 2 years successful field sales experience, a background in insurance sales and enjoy working with seniors. excellent communication and sales agent training skills required. local market experience is a plus. <b><u>what’s in it for you?</b></u> <ul><li>commissions + bonuses + renewals</li> <li>group healthcare benefits</li> <li>401(k) plan</li> <li>stock purchase plan</li> <li>contests, awards & trips</li> <li><b>remarkable growth and income potential</li></b></ul>  if you would like a rewarding & exciting career, please click the “apply online” button below.  you may also apply offline by calling 888-268-9661.  bill fischer market manager sterling life insurance company  sterling life insurance company is an equal opportunity employer m/f/d/v    key words: sales, marketing, customer service, finance, medical, financial, entry level, business, retail, relations, insurance, entry, customer, medical, healthcare, business, business development, manager, management, supervisor, teacher, training, recruiter, business development, director, analyst, accounting, finance, sales, management, consultant, consulting, banker, executive, series 7, series 6, insurance, commission, agent, attorney, teacher, stockbroker, financial planner, equities, securities and business owner.]	[41, 11]	[11]	11.0	Sales Manager	1.0	1	1	Sales Manager
v2	AFSD-Retail Store Manager	"ARAMARK is a world leader in providing managed services --including food, facility and other support services and uniform and career apparel. ARAMARK has leadership positions serving the business, education, healthcare, government and sports and recreation segments. In FORTUNE Magazine's 2003 survey of the ""Most Admired Companies in America,"" ARAMARK ranks No. 1 in the outsourcing services category and is No. 10 among all companies included in the survey by overall score as evaluated by peers within the industry. Headquartered in Philadelphia, ARAMARK has approximately 200,000 employees serving clients in 18 countries.  As Retail Manager in the Convenience Store (C-Store) on campus, you will manage the daily operations of a location. You will assist in planning, directing, and coordinating food service activities in order to deliver a finished food product to customers within the retail location. Primarily responsible for food service at an assigned location and typically is not involved in food production activities. Directly supervises two or more employees with responsibility for hiring, discipline, performance reviews and initiating pay increases.   This position will be responsible for the daily closing of the operations. Hours will be late afternoon to 2am."	[aramark is a world leader in providing managed services --including food, facility and other support services and uniform and career apparel. aramark has leadership positions serving the business, education, healthcare, government and sports and recreation segments. in fortune magazine's 2003 survey of the most admired companies in america, aramark ranks no. 1 in the outsourcing services category and is no. 10 among all companies included in the survey by overall score as evaluated by peers within the industry. headquartered in philadelphia, aramark has approximately 200,000 employees serving clients in 18 countries.  as retail manager in the convenience store (c-store) on campus, you will manage the daily operations of a location. you will assist in planning, directing, and coordinating food service activities in order to deliver a finished food product to customers within the retail location. primarily responsible for food service at an assigned location and typically is not involved in food production activities. directly supervises two, more employees with responsibility for hiring, discipline, performance reviews and initiating pay increases.   this position will be responsible for the daily closing of the operations. hours will be late afternoon to 2am.]	[11, 41]	[41]	41.15	Store Manager	0.33333334	1	0	Store Manager
v2	Account Manager	"Slone & Associates is a national healthcare search consultancy based in Washington D.C. We specialize in the recruitment of communications and sales professionals with local and global organizations in the healthcare, pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.   ATTENTION:  DO NOT APPLY FOR THIS POSITION UNLESS YOU HAVE PRIOR MEDICAL SALES EXPERIENCE   Account manager who calls on physicians will have overall territory responsibility which includes upselling existing accounts, managing exisiting accounts and generating new business.  Candidate must live in either Reno or Sparks Nevada"	[slone & associates is a national healthcare search consultancy based in washington d.c. we specialize in the recruitment of communications and sales professionals with local and global organizations in the healthcare, pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries.   attention:  do not apply for this position unless you have prior medical sales experience   account manager who calls on physicians will have overall territory responsibility which includes upselling existing accounts, managing exisiting accounts and generating new business.  candidate must live in either reno, sparks nevada]	[11, 41]	[11]	11.4	Account Manager	1.0	1	1	Account Manager
v2	Pharmaceutical Sales Representatives	"Pharmaceutical Sales Representative - Are you ready for a new challenge? Do you think you have what it takes to close the deal? Do you want to work for GlaxoSmithKline in one of the hottest industries? If you are nodding your head yes, then this sales position is for you.    Job Details: As a Pharmaceutical Sales Representative you will: * Sell GlaxoSmithKline pharmaceutical products in a prescribed manner to physicians, retail pharmacies, and other members of the health care industry. * Develop local business plan to increase market share by outlining tactics, activities and resources. * Demonstrate thorough knowledge of GSK pharmaceutical products, competitor products and product objectives. * Utilize customer-focused selling techniques, continually assessing the knowledge of the customer and strategy to maintain high customer intimacy and customer knowledge of GSK products. * Maintain current, approved protocol and promotional materials to be included in sales presentation. * Actively seek and display knowledge of key customers in territory. * Develop and deliver informative sales presentations based on customer needs. * Develop creative sales strategies to reach 'hard-to-see' doctors/'hard-to-work' accounts. * Work collectively with other consultants in arranging speakers, displays and special programs. * Positively impact sales in territory."	[pharmaceutical sales representative - are you ready for a new challenge? do you think you have what it takes to close the deal? do you want to work for glaxosmithkline in one of the hottest industries? if you are nodding your head yes, then this sales position is for you.    job details: as a pharmaceutical sales representative you will: * sell glaxosmithkline pharmaceutical products in a prescribed manner to physicians, retail pharmacies, and other members of the health care industry. * develop local business plan to increase market share by outlining tactics, activities and resources. * demonstrate thorough knowledge of gsk pharmaceutical products, competitor products and product objectives. * utilize customer-focused selling techniques, continually assessing the knowledge of the customer and strategy to maintain high customer intimacy and customer knowledge of gsk products. * maintain current, approved protocol and promotional materials to be included in sales presentation. * actively seek and display knowledge of key customers in territory. * develop and deliver informative sales presentations based on customer needs. * develop creative sales strategies to reach 'hard-to-see' doctors/'hard-to-work' accounts. * work collectively with other consultants in arranging speakers, displays and special programs. * positively impact sales in territory.]	[41]	[41]	41.2	Sales Representative	1.0	1	0	Sales Representative
v2	Account Executive (entry to mid-level)	"Responsible for attaining the greatest share of available local advertising dollars for the station through the sale of commercial television spots, specials, and sports at the highest attainable rates to advertising agencies and their clients.  RESPONSIBILITIES  Establishes and maintains a positive working relationship with assigned/designated agencies and clients through frequent contact (in person or by telephone), and to promote the station and sell available airtime.  Prepare sales presentations to sell commercial airtime utilizing available in-house ratings, research materials, knowledge of the agencies and their advertising needs, knowledge of the local marketplace competition, and available station commercial time.  Makes in person presentations to agency-to-agency buyers.  Books orders and negotiates spot placement and rates.  Post broadcast, verifies accuracy of client’s scheduled air dates and times.  Serve agencies/clients as a market expert by providing information on KWBP and the competition along with serving station management.  Prepares quarterly sales revenue budget and target goals, and responsible for achieving budget and sales quotas established with management."	[responsible for attaining the greatest share of available local advertising dollars for the station through the sale of commercial television spots, specials, and sports at the highest attainable rates to advertising agencies and their clients.  responsibilities  establishes and maintains a positive working relationship with assigned/designated agencies and clients through frequent contact (in person, by telephone), and to promote the station and sell available airtime.  prepare sales presentations to sell commercial airtime utilizing available in-house ratings, research materials, knowledge of the agencies and their advertising needs, knowledge of the local marketplace competition, and available station commercial time.  makes in person presentations to agency-to-agency buyers.  books orders and negotiates spot placement and rates.  post broadcast, verifies accuracy of client’s scheduled air dates and times.  serve agencies/clients as a market expert by providing information on kwbp and the competition along with serving station management.  prepares quarterly sales revenue budget and target goals, and responsible for achieving budget and sales quotas established with management.]	[41]	[41]	41.8	Account Executive	1.0	1	0	Account Executive
v2	Area Sales Supervisor	"<b>About Us:</b>  LA Weight Loss Centers is reshaping the weight loss industry.  Due to the success of our proven weight loss program, we are currently experiencing rapid growth.  LA Weight Loss Centers is one of the largest companies in the $43 Billion weight loss industry with over 500 centers nationwide.  <u><b>AREA SALES SUPERVISOR</u></b>  <b>Job Description:</b>  An Area Sales Supervisor is responsible for managing the overall operations of a multi-center area.  In addition to recruiting, training and developing your sales staff, achieving area sales goals and growing revenue, you will be actively involved in enrolling clients in our program and promoting our weight loss products.    The Area Sales Supervisor will be responsible for our <b>MIAMI</b> market which covers:<b> <li>CORAL GABLES <li>CUTLER RIDGE <li>HIALEAH <li>WESTCHESTER</b>"	[<b>about us:</b>  la weight loss centers is reshaping the weight loss industry.  due to the success of our proven weight loss program, we are currently experiencing rapid growth.  la weight loss centers is one of the largest companies in the $43 billion weight loss industry with over 500 centers nationwide.  <u><b>area sales supervisor</u></b>  <b>job description:</b>  an area sales supervisor is responsible for managing the overall operations of a multi-center area.  in addition to recruiting, training and developing your sales staff, achieving area sales goals and growing revenue, you will be actively involved in enrolling clients in our program and promoting our weight loss products.    the area sales supervisor will be responsible for our <b>miami</b> market which covers:<b> <li>coral gables <li>cutler ridge <li>hialeah <li>westchester</b>]	[41]	[41]	41.10	Sales Supervisor	0.76408595	1	0	Sales Supervisor
v2	Retail Store Manager who loves working with kids!	"STORE MANAGER   Are you an experienced store manager who... *Likes a lot of interaction with people? *Likes to have challenges daily? *Likes getting results? *Wants to be in a company that treats their people with respect and cares about each individual?  WHAT WE OFFER: *Fast pace and fun! *Competitive pay *Plus bonus opportunities *401 k plan, health and medical benefits *Excellent career track  *Sales contest awards  *Get to wear jeans everyday! *50% discounts! *Paid training program *Opportunity to relocate in future (if desired)  WHO WE ARE: A growing, retail company focused on kids and families.  We have openings in mall locations nationwide."	[store manager   are you an experienced store manager who... *likes a lot of interaction with people? *likes to have challenges daily? *likes getting results? *wants to be in a company that treats their people with respect and cares about each individual?  what we offer: *fast pace and fun! *competitive pay *plus bonus opportunities *401 k plan, health and medical benefits *excellent career track  *sales contest awards  *get to wear jeans everyday! *50% discounts! *paid training program *opportunity to relocate in future (if desired)  who we are: a growing, retail company focused on kids and families.  we have openings in mall locations nationwide.]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.67	Sales Manager	0.35257968	1	0	Store Manager
v2	Women's Accessories Sales Associate	"<b>Dillard's</b> ranks among the nation's <b><i>largest fashion apparel and home furnishings retailers</i></b> with annual sales exceeding $7.5 billion. The Company focuses on <b>delivering maximum value</b> to its shoppers, with <b>fairly priced merchandise</b> complemented by <b>exceptional customer service</b>. Dillard's stores offer a broad selection of merchandise, including products sourced and marketed under Dillard's private-brand names. The Company comprises 328 stores spanning 29 states, all operating with one name - <b>Dillard's</b>.  We offer a competitive salary & benefits package including health insurance, life insurance, dental/vision, paid vacation, retirement plan (401k), and a generous employee discount.  A wardrobe is not complete without accessories! We are looking for an enthusiastic person who can sell handbags, fashion jewelry, and hosiery. Candidates must be energetic, have great communication skills and enjoy working with customers. This is a great selling opportunity to help our customers complete their wardrobes!"	[<b>dillard's</b> ranks among the nation's <b><i>largest fashion apparel and home furnishings retailers</i></b> with annual sales exceeding $7.5 billion. the company focuses on <b>delivering maximum value</b> to its shoppers, with <b>fairly priced merchandise</b> complemented by <b>exceptional customer service</b>. dillard's stores offer a broad selection of merchandise, including products sourced and marketed under dillard's private-brand names. the company comprises 328 stores spanning 29 states, all operating with one name - <b>dillard's</b>.  we offer a competitive salary & benefits package including health insurance, life insurance, dental/vision, paid vacation, retirement plan (401k), and a generous employee discount.  a wardrobe is not complete without accessories! we are looking for an enthusiastic person who can sell handbags, fashion jewelry, and hosiery. candidates must be energetic, have great communication skills and enjoy working with customers. this is a great selling opportunity to help our customers complete their wardrobes!]	[41]	[41]	41.1	Retail Sales Associate	0.66505075	1	0	Retail Sales Associate
v2	OUTSOURCING Sales Best of Breed Executive.	"Outsourcing Sales Best of Breed Executive.  Mid tier high growth-market penetrating firm build with best of breed outsourcing executives who know how to win. This position requires an individual with 6-10 years of outsourcing sales. Credibility within their vertical space a contact base and the ability and desire to build and diversify a client base through networking. We are in need of individuals for the local/regional territories. East coast, Mid Atlantic South, and Midwest. The successful applicant will focus only on the territory they reside in. This client only wants the best of breed hunters who want to be treated to the best of the best backing to get the deals done.  SKILLS REQUIRED: Only applicants that represent (high confidentiality of your background until we talk to you about this opportunity): „h Experience and background must be as a Outsourcing business development professional someone who has lead the efforts to sell the transformational outsourcing service offerings of your current or former firm . „h Responsible for identifying, qualifying and closing 3-7 year contracts totaling $8M-15M over the contract period. „h Work with certain partners and industry influencers to develop opportunities. „h Must have established network of clients within your region. „h 6+ year successful track record selling outsourcing. ERP-CRM E-business solution experiences a plus. „h  Customer database marketing solutions experience a plus. „h  Travel required only to dominate local/regional market. „h Must have a career history of outsourcing sales and experience I.E. IBM-EDS-CSC, or solid mid tier type outsourcing firms Etc. „h Applicant will be prepared to go into detailed description of outsourcing experience and demonstrate their ability to make an immediate impact within the region.  Only applicants that meet the criteria will be contacted for this role."	[outsourcing sales best of breed executive.  mid tier high growth-market penetrating firm build with best of breed outsourcing executives who know how to win. this position requires an individual with 6-10 years of outsourcing sales. credibility within their vertical space a contact base and the ability and desire to build and diversify a client base through networking. we are in need of individuals for the local/regional territories. east coast, mid atlantic south, and midwest. the successful applicant will focus only on the territory they reside in. this client only wants the best of breed hunters who want to be treated to the best of the best backing to get the deals done.  skills required: only applicants that represent (high confidentiality of your background until we talk to you about this opportunity): „h experience and background must be as a outsourcing business development professional someone who has lead the efforts to sell the transformational outsourcing service offerings of your current, former firm . „h responsible for identifying, qualifying and closing 3-7 year contracts totaling $8m-15m over the contract period. „h work with certain partners and industry influencers to develop opportunities. „h must have established network of clients within your region. „h 6+ year successful track record selling outsourcing. erp-crm e-business solution experiences a plus. „h  customer database marketing solutions experience a plus. „h  travel required only to dominate local/regional market. „h must have a career history of outsourcing sales and experience i.e. ibm-eds-csc,, solid mid tier type outsourcing firms etc. „h applicant will be prepared to go into detailed description of outsourcing experience and demonstrate their ability to make an immediate impact within the region.  only applicants that meet the criteria will be contacted for this role.]	[41, 11]	[11]	11.14	Sales Executive	1.0	1	0	Sales Executive
v2	Sales Representative / Manager Trainee	"Combined Insurance Company of America is a subsidiary of Aon Corporation, one of the largest insurance, brokerage and consulting firms in the world. Combined is the largest of Aon’s insurance underwriting companies.  Combined Insurance <b>SENIOR DIVISION</b> has Sales Representative and Manager Trainee positions available for licensed agents and non-licensed agents.  We hire with an eye to excellence and we train with an emphasis on supplying you with a complete system of skills to build your career in the direction you want. We promote into management based on merit and performance - which means that the right person can begin advancing through management in as little as six months!  Responsibilities include sales and service of existing accounts, as well as the development of new business.  <li>Performance-based compensation <li>Company training in the classroom and in the field <li>Outstanding benefit package and advancement opportunities <li>Sales and marketing experience is helpful but not necessary <li>First year potential 35-55K  <b>Opportunity offers:</b>  <li>Major benefits including medical/dental, disability, 401K AND Employee Stock Purchase Plan <li>2 weeks expense paid classroom training <li>7-week field training program <li>Advanced commissions <li>Monday through Friday work week <li>Limited Travel"	[combined insurance company of america is a subsidiary of aon corporation, one of the largest insurance, brokerage and consulting firms in the world. combined is the largest of aon’s insurance underwriting companies.  combined insurance <b>senior division</b> has sales representative and manager trainee positions available for licensed agents and non-licensed agents.  we hire with an eye to excellence and we train with an emphasis on supplying you with a complete system of skills to build your career in the direction you want. we promote into management based on merit and performance - which means that the right person can begin advancing through management in as little as six months!  responsibilities include sales and service of existing accounts, as well as the development of new business.  <li>performance-based compensation <li>company training in the classroom and in the field <li>outstanding benefit package and advancement opportunities <li>sales and marketing experience is helpful but not necessary <li>first year potential 35-55k  <b>opportunity offers:</b>  <li>major benefits including medical/dental, disability, 401k and employee stock purchase plan <li>2 weeks expense paid classroom training <li>7-week field training program <li>advanced commissions <li>monday through friday work week <li>limited travel]	[41]	[41]	41.67	Sales Manager	0.50000006	1	0	Sales Manager OR Sales Representative
v2	ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE -- Outside or Inside Sales Representative	"<b>Wilmington Finance, Inc.</b> is a leader in today's sub-prime mortgage marketplace and a member of the <b>America General Finance and AIG family of companies</b>. We serve mortgage brokers and work directly with consumers. Since our inception in 1999, our growth and profitability have been strong, and we are now staffing to support our continued and aggressive expansion.   Our <b>Account Executive</b> position is an excellent opportunity for an individual to solicit mortgage brokers for residential mortgages and refinances and to provide new and existing brokers with our latest products and programs.   <u>RESPONSIBILITIES:</u> <li>Achieve predetermined sales results. <li>Solicit and maintain business within the mortgage broker community.  <li>Meet with brokers to generate sales face to face and/or over the phone. <li>Review potential loans and recommending appropriate products that correspond to client’s needs and goals. <li>Co-manage pipeline to close. <li>Pre-approve loans for further processing. <li>Provide personal service to clients. <li>Continuously be aware of our latest products and investors."	[<b>wilmington finance, inc.</b> is a leader in today's sub-prime mortgage marketplace and a member of the <b>america general finance and aig family of companies</b>. we serve mortgage brokers and work directly with consumers. since our inception in 1999, our growth and profitability have been strong, and we are now staffing to support our continued and aggressive expansion.   our <b>account executive</b> position is an excellent opportunity for an individual to solicit mortgage brokers for residential mortgages and refinances and to provide new and existing brokers with our latest products and programs.   <u>responsibilities:</u> <li>achieve predetermined sales results. <li>solicit and maintain business within the mortgage broker community.  <li>meet with brokers to generate sales face to face and/or over the phone. <li>review potential loans and recommending appropriate products that correspond to client’s needs and goals. <li>co-manage pipeline to close. <li>pre-approve loans for further processing. <li>provide personal service to clients. <li>continuously be aware of our latest products and investors.]	[41]	[41]	41.14	Inside Sales Representative	0.42381513	1	0	Account Executive OR Inside Sales Representative
v2	Accounting Clerk	"Accounting Clerk: Salary $11-12/hr. Rockville, Md. Health Foundation.  Long term temporary position.  Position requires receiving and posting payments for projects.  Candidates must have 1+ years experience and strong knowledge of Excel.  Contact Kathryn Jessee at kjessee@acsysinc.com or fax your resume to 301-581-9515. KJTE02"	[accounting clerk: salary $11-12/hr. rockville, md. health foundation.  long term temporary position.  position requires receiving and posting payments for projects.  candidates must have 1+ years experience and strong knowledge of excel.  contact kathryn jessee at kjessee@acsysinc.com, fax your resume to 301-581-9515. kjte02]	[43]	[43]	43.30174	Accounting Clerk	1.0	1	1	Accounting Clerk
v2	Accounts Payable-Purchasing Auditor	"THE AUDIT GROUP, INC. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the United States. In these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader.  Our reputation for discovery auditing, funds recovery, expert consulting, and working in close partnership with our clients has made us the distinguished industry leader. Although we are currently fully staffed, our growth requires that we add positions beginning in early 2000.  If you're a high performer and have been looking for the company that recognizes and rewards results, consider The Audit Group. You'll want to join our team because you've seen different ways to do things and have ideas about new approaches. You think best outside of the box, and aren't afraid to roll up your sleeves to help our customers.  Our customers are located throughout the U.S.  To provide the kind of ""knock-their-socks-off"" expertise and customer service that we're known for, you'll travel to the hospital site to conduct the audit, and reside in that city for 2-3 months until the audit is concluded. Although NO RELOCATION IS REQUIRED, our continuing growth requires that you'll travel 90%-95% of the year, throughout the U.S.  For detailed info about the job, hiring timelines, our company, everything...check us out at our web site - theauditgroup.com"	[the audit group, inc. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the united states. in these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader.  our reputation for discovery auditing, funds recovery, expert consulting, and working in close partnership with our clients has made us the distinguished industry leader. although we are currently fully staffed, our growth requires that we add positions beginning in early 2000.  if you're a high performer and have been looking for the company that recognizes and rewards results, consider the audit group. you'll want to join our team because you've seen different ways to do things and have ideas about new approaches. you think best outside of the box, and aren't afraid to roll up your sleeves to help our customers.  our customers are located throughout the u.s.  to provide the kind of knock-their-socks-off expertise and customer service that we're known for, you'll travel to the hospital site to conduct the audit, and reside in that city for 2-3 months until the audit is concluded. although no relocation is required, our continuing growth requires that you'll travel 90%-95% of the year, throughout the u.s.  for detailed info about the job, hiring timelines, our company, everything...check us out at our web site - theauditgroup.com]	[43]	[43]	43.9	Accounts Payable Clerk	0.26731792	1	0	Accounts Payable Clerk
v2	Executive Assistant to CEO	"We are looking for a ""TOP-NOTCH"" Executive Assistant for the President of a Telecommunication firm in the Contra Costa area.  Someone with previous experience in a Financial enviornment is a plus! Will be working very close with the President and all of his contacts. Looking for a sharp pro-active executive assistant with a positive and friendly attitude."	[we are looking for a top-notch executive assistant for the president of a telecommunication firm in the contra costa area.  someone with previous experience in a financial enviornment is a plus! will be working very close with the president and all of his contacts. looking for a sharp pro-active executive assistant with a positive and friendly attitude.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	0	Executive Assistant
v2	Production Planner	"Production Planner will plan, communicate, adjust, analyze, and release work orders for all production requirements, including quantities, due dates, and capacity capabilities, for all finished goods and related components for their products or product line utilizing the  ORACLE operating system while optimizing customer service, inventory turns, and profitability."	[production planner will plan, communicate, adjust, analyze, and release work orders for all production requirements, including quantities, due dates, and capacity capabilities, for all finished goods and related components for their products, product line utilizing the  oracle operating system while optimizing customer service, inventory turns, and profitability.]	[43, 51, 13, 17]	[43]	43.77	Production Planner	1.0	1	1	Production Planner
v2	Special Assistant	"Generally assists and advises the Vice Chair of The Carter Center with official duties and activities; serves as liaison for Vice Chair with members of the executive staff, fellows and program staff, national and world government and business leaders and educators, donors, foreign embassy officials and security, U.S. State Department and U.S. Secret Service, professional colleagues and friends; manages consideration, execution and follow-up to decisions and actions; manages logistical planning office for Vice Chair to control daily appointment and domestic and international travel; Oversees all staff functions that involve The Carter Center Office of the Vice Chair.  Supervises the Asst. Coordinator for Scheduling and may supervise volunteers as required."	[generally assists and advises the vice chair of the carter center with official duties and activities; serves as liaison for vice chair with members of the executive staff, fellows and program staff, national and world government and business leaders and educators, donors, foreign embassy officials and security, u.s. state department and u.s. secret service, professional colleagues and friends; manages consideration, execution and follow-up to decisions and actions; manages logistical planning office for vice chair to control daily appointment and domestic and international travel; oversees all staff functions that involve the carter center office of the vice chair.  supervises the asst. coordinator for scheduling and may supervise volunteers as required.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	0.44362774	1	0	Executive Assistant
v2	Executive Administrative Assistant	"We are one of the nation's most distinguished Banking Technology and Solutions Consulting firms and are actively seeking an Executive Assistant to support the Executive Vice President/Managing Principal of the Software Group in our Colony Square office.  The schedule will be approximately 9am-6pm, but some paid overtime will be required and will usually be unpredictable, so flexibility is a must.  Basic Function:  Performs administrative and secretarial duties for the Executive Vice President in accordance with established policies and procedures.   Exercises independent judgment in completing tasks, establishing priorities, and meeting deadlines.  Handles all responsibilities and confidential information with a high level of diplomacy and discretion.  Works with minimal supervision and has the flexibility to adjust work schedule on an as-needed basis.  Must be professional in demeanor, a self-starter, detail-oriented, adding value to the organization.  Primary Duties/Responsibilities: &#61623; Maintains executive’s calendar, scheduling appointments and  meetings (both on-or off-site), following through with changes, notifying attendees of delays; rescheduling as appropriate.  May attend meetings taking and distributing minutes when requested. &#61623; Assists executive in managing interruptions:  phone calls or visitors using high level of diplomacy and discretion in forwarding messages or otherwise meeting the needs of the executive and those needing access to the executive. &#61623; Handles sensitive and confidential information in a responsible and discreet manner protecting the executive and the company. &#61623; Takes and transcribes dictation, and composes and prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other complex documents. &#61623; Uses excellent word processing skills to prepare memos, correspondence, presentations and proposals. &#61623; Prepares presentation and proposal materials, including charts, tables and graphs using PowerPoint, MSWord and Excel. &#61623; Plans and arranges travel itineraries – sometimes of a complex and changing nature. &#61623; Prepares expense reports and other budgeting functions for executive. &#61623; Maintains filing system of both soft and hard copies as required by executive &#61623; Performs other general administrative duties as required. &#61623; Takes occasional rotation as front desk receptionist relief or covering roll-over telephone calls. &#61623; Other duties as assigned."	[we are one of the nation's most distinguished banking technology and solutions consulting firms and are actively seeking an executive assistant to support the executive vice president/managing principal of the software group in our colony square office.  the schedule will be approximately 9am-6pm, but some paid overtime will be required and will usually be unpredictable, so flexibility is a must.  basic function:  performs administrative and secretarial duties for the executive vice president in accordance with established policies and procedures.   exercises independent judgment in completing tasks, establishing priorities, and meeting deadlines.  handles all responsibilities and confidential information with a high level of diplomacy and discretion.  works with minimal supervision and has the flexibility to adjust work schedule on an as-needed basis.  must be professional in demeanor, a self-starter, detail-oriented, adding value to the organization.  primary duties/responsibilities: &#61623; maintains executive’s calendar, scheduling appointments and  meetings (both on-or off-site), following through with changes, notifying attendees of delays; rescheduling as appropriate.  may attend meetings taking and distributing minutes when requested. &#61623; assists executive in managing interruptions:  phone calls, visitors using high level of diplomacy and discretion in forwarding messages, otherwise meeting the needs of the executive and those needing access to the executive. &#61623; handles sensitive and confidential information in a responsible and discreet manner protecting the executive and the company. &#61623; takes and transcribes dictation, and composes and prepares confidential correspondence, reports, and other complex documents. &#61623; uses excellent word processing skills to prepare memos, correspondence, presentations and proposals. &#61623; prepares presentation and proposal materials, including charts, tables and graphs using powerpoint, msword and excel. &#61623; plans and arranges travel itineraries – sometimes of a complex and changing nature. &#61623; prepares expense reports and other budgeting functions for executive. &#61623; maintains filing system of both soft and hard copies as required by executive &#61623; performs other general administrative duties as required. &#61623; takes occasional rotation as front desk receptionist relief, covering roll-over telephone calls. &#61623; other duties as assigned.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	0.5	1	0	Executive Administrative Assistant
v2	Legal Secretary	"Major law firm expansion, LEGAL SECRETARIES needed to assist partners in various areas. Beautiful offices, great atmosphere, fantastic opportunity. At least 2 years prior secretarial experience, law firm preferred. Some education after high school, secretarial school +, 4 year degree ++. Must type at least 65wpm, knowledge of MS Word for Windows. Steno +++, but not required. Salary is to 45k. Please fax resumes to Donna's attention at 212-286-1973 or e-mail dmancuso@gaparks.com"	[major law firm expansion, legal secretaries needed to assist partners in various areas. beautiful offices, great atmosphere, fantastic opportunity. at least 2 years prior secretarial experience, law firm preferred. some education after high school, secretarial school +, 4 year degree ++. must type at least 65wpm, knowledge of ms word for windows. steno +++, but not required. salary is to 45k. please fax resumes to donna's attention at 212-286-1973, e-mail dmancuso@gaparks.com]	[43]	[43]	43.18	Legal Secretary	1.0	1	1	Legal Secretary
v2	Payroll / Billing Clerk	"Long Island, NY based Service Company seeks a junior Payroll / Billing clerk to enter payroll and invoice clients for one of its divisions.  Position requires some experience with an automated payroll system such as, ADP or with an in-house payroll system. Experience preparing invoices to clients based upon hours worked is also necessary."	[long island, ny based service company seeks a junior payroll / billing clerk to enter payroll and invoice clients for one of its divisions.  position requires some experience with an automated payroll system such as, adp, with an in-house payroll system. experience preparing invoices to clients based upon hours worked is also necessary.]	[43]	[43]	43.39	Billing Clerk	0.4955309	1	0	Billing Clerk OR Payroll Clerk
v2	Executive Assistant	"Under minimal direction, the incumbent will perform a variety of secretarial and administrative assignments for Executive Management.  The incumbent will be responsible for deciding the priority of work and the proper organization of time and materials.  The incumbent will also have frequent contact with other internal departments, customers and vendors in order to maintain good will and provide or obtain information.  Duties involve material of a confidential nature.  ESSENTIAL DUTIES, RESPONSIBILITIES and RESULTS: O Create, compile, prepare, copy and distribute correspondence, memorandums, forms, agendas, reports and presentations. O Organize and consolidate given data into report format for executive committee meetings, management meetings and financial reviews. O Receive and screen telephone calls and visitors; supply appropriate information when possible; otherwise, direct calls and/or requests and convey messages. O Receive and handle incoming mail; prepare outgoing mail, which may include assembling and distributing materials and literature needed for a response to customers; and follow up to inquiries as needed. O Order and organize appropriate materials for reference, distribution and/or filing and ensure that it is properly maintained. O Maintain appointment calendar and itineraries.  Advise Executive of scheduled commitments and schedule meetings and travel arrangements when necessary. O Ensure that all correspondence and reports produced are proofread. O Coordinate and complete special assignments and projects as required by Executive. O Make arrangements and oversee, as necessary, interviews, meetings and luncheons. O Have working knowledge of (or know where to find needed information) on company policies and procedures. O Serve as liaison between Executive and all employees. O Assume the duties of other Executive Secretaries when requested. O Provide direction and guidance to other administrative employees. O Prepare check requests, process invoices and secure proper approvals for payment. O Coordinate and/or participate in special events or company functions as necessary. O Prepare, monitor and maintain various tracking systems. O Perform various other administrative support duties as assigned by the Executive.   Executive Assistant Page 2   O Act as liaison between executives/ project managers/ customers or executives/other efforts employees.  This includes maintaining attendance records, prepare and circulate interoffice memos, coordinate meeting attendance by booking meeting rooms, hotel reservations, ordering meals, screening calls, maintaining appointment calendars and travel itineraries, arranging interviews, and prepare check requests and invoices.  O  Prepare copy and distribute: correspondence, memorandums, forms, mass mailings, efforts agendas, presentation materials, minutes, and reports.  QUALIFICATIONS Must be able to manage various projects simultaneously; negotiate project work to b"	[under minimal direction, the incumbent will perform a variety of secretarial and administrative assignments for executive management.  the incumbent will be responsible for deciding the priority of work and the proper organization of time and materials.  the incumbent will also have frequent contact with other internal departments, customers and vendors in order to maintain good will and provide, obtain information.  duties involve material of a confidential nature.  essential duties, responsibilities and results: o create, compile, prepare, copy and distribute correspondence, memorandums, forms, agendas, reports and presentations. o organize and consolidate given data into report format for executive committee meetings, management meetings and financial reviews. o receive and screen telephone calls and visitors; supply appropriate information when possible; otherwise, direct calls and/or requests and convey messages. o receive and handle incoming mail; prepare outgoing mail, which may include assembling and distributing materials and literature needed for a response to customers; and follow up to inquiries as needed. o order and organize appropriate materials for reference, distribution and/or filing and ensure that it is properly maintained. o maintain appointment calendar and itineraries.  advise executive of scheduled commitments and schedule meetings and travel arrangements when necessary. o ensure that all correspondence and reports produced are proofread. o coordinate and complete special assignments and projects as required by executive. o make arrangements and oversee, as necessary, interviews, meetings and luncheons. o have working knowledge of (or know where to find needed information) on company policies and procedures. o serve as liaison between executive and all employees. o assume the duties of other executive secretaries when requested. o provide direction and guidance to other administrative employees. o prepare check requests, process invoices and secure proper approvals for payment. o coordinate and/or participate in special events, company functions as necessary. o prepare, monitor and maintain various tracking systems. o perform various other administrative support duties as assigned by the executive.   executive assistant page 2   o act as liaison between executives/ project managers/ customers, executives/other efforts employees.  this includes maintaining attendance records, prepare and circulate interoffice memos, coordinate meeting attendance by booking meeting rooms, hotel reservations, ordering meals, screening calls, maintaining appointment calendars and travel itineraries, arranging interviews, and prepare check requests and invoices.  o  prepare copy and distribute: correspondence, memorandums, forms, mass mailings, efforts agendas, presentation materials, minutes, and reports.  qualifications must be able to manage various projects simultaneously; negotiate project work to b]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	1	Executive Assistant
v2	Unit Secretary	"Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Unit Secretary SSM St. Joseph's Health Center in St. Charles, MO is currently seeking a qualified Unit Secretary in the Emergency Department.Job Category:                      ClericalSpecialty:                            Secretary/Admin AsstMinimum Qualifications :       Communication &amp; phone skills, computer skills, medical terminology.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph's Health Center - St. Charles MO  Description: Sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary, St. Louis-based SSM Health Care (SSMHC), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest Catholic systems in the nation. It is also one of the largest health care providers in Missouri.  The SSMHC owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. Consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, SSMHC entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma. A primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  Community: Just west of St. Louis you'll find Saint Charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. Founded as Les Petites Cotes (The Little Hills) by French Canadian fur trader Louis Blanchette, Saint Charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young America.   Thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. Saint Charles is a source of historical encounter: the Lewis and Clark Rendezvous, Missouri's First State Capitol, origin of the Boones lick Trail and home to Daniel Boone.  The people of Saint Charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. As destination for almost 1 million visitors each year Saint Charles history comes alive to welcome you.  Experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769."	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: unit secretary ssm st. joseph's health center in st. charles, mo is currently seeking a qualified unit secretary in the emergency department.job category:                      clericalspecialty:                            secretary/admin asstminimum qualifications :       communication &amp; phone skills, computer skills, medical terminology.  facility: ssm st. joseph's health center - st. charles mo  description: sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary, st. louis-based ssm health care (ssmhc), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest catholic systems in the nation. it is also one of the largest health care providers in missouri.  the ssmhc owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, ssmhc entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in missouri, illinois, wisconsin, and oklahoma. a primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  community: just west of st. louis you'll find saint charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. founded as les petites cotes (the little hills) by french canadian fur trader louis blanchette, saint charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young america.   thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. saint charles is a source of historical encounter: the lewis and clark rendezvous, missouri's first state capitol, origin of the boones lick trail and home to daniel boone.  the people of saint charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. as destination for almost 1 million visitors each year saint charles history comes alive to welcome you.  experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769.]	[43]	[43]	43.105	Unit Secretary	1.0	1	1	Unit Secretary
v2	Unit Secretary-4N (FT)	"Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Unit Secretary It's more than a Job  It's more than a Career...At SSM-St. Louis Hospitals we care about you!!.  Annual tuition reimbursement as high as $4160.  Flexible scheduling options. We currently have a Unit Secretary-4 North position available.  The minimum qualifications are High school grad, 1 year healthcare experience, computer skills preferred.  This is a full time position.  Facility: DePaul Health Center  Description: SSM DePaul Health Center is committed to providing compassionate care for the whole person--body, mind and spirit. Our mission is to reveal the healing presence of God through exceptional health care services. Founded in 1828 by the Daughters of Charity, DePaul was the first hospital west of the Mississippi.  Through more than 170 years of unprecedented change, DePaul continues to meet the area's health care needs with expert staff and the latest medical technology. DePaul today is a member of SSM Health Care--St. Louis, which is sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary. SSM Health Care is a Missouri Quality Award winner and the only health system in the United States to be a finalist for the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award.DePaul's mission and long-standing commitment to the St. Louis community makes the health center one of the most vital and dynamic hospitals in the metro area.  The DePaul differenceSSM DePaul is a full-service hospital with nearly 600 physicians representing every medical specialty. With convenient access at the intersection of I-70 and I-270 in Bridgeton, DePaul provides preadmission and centralized scheduling for convenience and private rooms at no extra charge. To improve community health, DePaul provides a wide variety of wellness programs, classes, speakers, health screenings and support groups."	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: unit secretary it's more than a job  it's more than a career...at ssm-st. louis hospitals we care about you!!.  annual tuition reimbursement as high as $4160.  flexible scheduling options. we currently have a unit secretary-4 north position available.  the minimum qualifications are high school grad, 1 year healthcare experience, computer skills preferred.  this is a full time position.  facility: depaul health center  description: ssm depaul health center is committed to providing compassionate care for the whole person--body, mind and spirit. our mission is to reveal the healing presence of god through exceptional health care services. founded in 1828 by the daughters of charity, depaul was the first hospital west of the mississippi.  through more than 170 years of unprecedented change, depaul continues to meet the area's health care needs with expert staff and the latest medical technology. depaul today is a member of ssm health care--st. louis, which is sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary. ssm health care is a missouri quality award winner and the only health system in the united states to be a finalist for the malcolm baldrige national quality award.depaul's mission and long-standing commitment to the st. louis community makes the health center one of the most vital and dynamic hospitals in the metro area.  the depaul differencessm depaul is a full-service hospital with nearly 600 physicians representing every medical specialty. with convenient access at the intersection of i-70 and i-270 in bridgeton, depaul provides preadmission and centralized scheduling for convenience and private rooms at no extra charge. to improve community health, depaul provides a wide variety of wellness programs, classes, speakers, health screenings and support groups.]	[43]	[43]	43.105	Unit Secretary	1.0	1	0	Unit Secretary
v2	Admitting Registrar	Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Admissions Representative Methodist Hospital is looking for a Night Admitting Registrar to work Tuesday - Saturday 10:00pm - 6:00am.  Position includes registering patients in both Admitting and the Emergency Department.    Description: Methodist Hospital is part of Park Nicollet Health Services  Community: Methodist Hospital is located in the western suburbs of Minneapolis	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: admissions representative methodist hospital is looking for a night admitting registrar to work tuesday - saturday 10:00pm - 6:00am.  position includes registering patients in both admitting and the emergency department.    description: methodist hospital is part of park nicollet health services  community: methodist hospital is located in the western suburbs of minneapolis]	[43, 29]	[43]	43.154	Emergency Room Registrar	1.0	1	0	Emergency Room Registrar OR Registrar
v2	Patient Registrar/Admitting	"Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Admissions Representative, Pre-Admissions Registrar, Admitting Northwestern Medical Center is a 70 bed, private not-for-profit community hospital located in St. Albans, Vermont. We are currently seeking a qualified Patient Registrar/Admitting.  Upon registration, interview patients to obtain billing and mediacl information and prepares all necessary supporting documents.  As needed, 2 weekends per month.  7:00a.m. - 3:00 pm, 3:00 pm - 11pm, and 11:00pm - 7:00am  Facility: Northwestern Medical Center  Description: Northwestern Medical Center is a 70 bed, private not-for-profit community hospital, which exists to provide access to optimal health care for our community.  Community: St. Albans is a community of 12,000 with classic New England charm - a small city bustling with shops and restaurants amidst some of the most beautiful farmland in the country.  We are nestled between Lake Champlain  (the sixth largest freshwater lake in the United States) and the Green Mountains.  In 1995, St. Albans ranked number 40 in The Top 100 Small Towns in America."	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: admissions representative, pre-admissions registrar, admitting northwestern medical center is a 70 bed, private not-for-profit community hospital located in st. albans, vermont. we are currently seeking a qualified patient registrar/admitting.  upon registration, interview patients to obtain billing and mediacl information and prepares all necessary supporting documents.  as needed, 2 weekends per month.  7:00a.m. - 3:00 pm, 3:00 pm - 11pm, and 11:00pm - 7:00am  facility: northwestern medical center  description: northwestern medical center is a 70 bed, private not-for-profit community hospital, which exists to provide access to optimal health care for our community.  community: st. albans is a community of 12,000 with classic new england charm - a small city bustling with shops and restaurants amidst some of the most beautiful farmland in the country.  we are nestled between lake champlain  (the sixth largest freshwater lake in the united states) and the green mountains.  in 1995, st. albans ranked number 40 in the top 100 small towns in america.]	[43, 29]	[43]	43.154	Emergency Room Registrar	1.0	1	0	Emergency Room Registrar OR Registrar
v2	ADMITTING REGISTRAR	"Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Admitting Up to $3000 Sign on Bonus for Evening/Nights/Weekend Shifts.Founded in 1976, Northside Hospital &amp; Heart Institute is a 301-bed facility located in the heart of South Pinellas County.   At Northside Hospital &amp; Heart Institute, you'll find many of the advanced capabilities of a large regional medical center, including state-of-the-art diagnostic and surgical services. This unique facility offers highly sophisticated specialties, such as The Heart Institute and the Spinal Disorder and Pain Treatment Institute. In addition, emergency care, critical, intensive, neurointensive and cardiovascular intensive care, cardiology, orthopedics, a wide range of rehabilitative services, plus programs specifically designed for the needs of seniors are available.  While Northside Hospital &amp; Heart Institute offers the services, specialties and programs you'd expect to find in a large medical center, our special brand of caring is delivered in the comfortable, intimate setting of a neighborhood hospital. Our more than 400 affiliated doctors and highly qualified staff of trained healthcare professionals are among the very best in Florida.  ADMITTING REGISTRAR – FT - General and ER positions available. All shifts.  Medical Terminology, PC experience, excellent customer service and communication skills required.  Knowledge of insurance pre-certification and third party payors preferred.  Facility: Northside Hospital &amp; Heart Institute"	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: admitting up to $3000 sign on bonus for evening/nights/weekend shifts.founded in 1976, northside hospital &amp; heart institute is a 301-bed facility located in the heart of south pinellas county.   at northside hospital &amp; heart institute, you'll find many of the advanced capabilities of a large regional medical center, including state-of-the-art diagnostic and surgical services. this unique facility offers highly sophisticated specialties, such as the heart institute and the spinal disorder and pain treatment institute. in addition, emergency care, critical, intensive, neurointensive and cardiovascular intensive care, cardiology, orthopedics, a wide range of rehabilitative services, plus programs specifically designed for the needs of seniors are available.  while northside hospital &amp; heart institute offers the services, specialties and programs you'd expect to find in a large medical center, our special brand of caring is delivered in the comfortable, intimate setting of a neighborhood hospital. our more than 400 affiliated doctors and highly qualified staff of trained healthcare professionals are among the very best in florida.  admitting registrar – ft - general and er positions available. all shifts.  medical terminology, pc experience, excellent customer service and communication skills required.  knowledge of insurance pre-certification and third party payors preferred.  facility: northside hospital &amp; heart institute]	[43, 29]	[43]	43.154	Emergency Room Registrar	1.0	1	0	Emergency Room Registrar OR Registrar
v2	SERVICE ASSOCIATE II-HOSPITALITY SERVICES(Benefits	"Profession: Administration (Non-Clinical) Specialties: Customer Service/Support/Training Spartanburg Regional Healthcare System has 9/5 service/clerical positions in  HOSPITALITY SERVICES to work Full Time/Part Time Monday - Friday  1ST &amp; 2ND SHIFTS and every other weekend.  Qualified candidates will have ANY LEVEL OF EDUCATION.  MUST BE ABLE TO READ, WRITE AND SPEAK ENGLISH.  Facility: Spartanburg Regional Healthcare System  Description: Spartanburg Regional Medical Center offers competitive salaries and benefits which include tuition reimbursement, medical, dental and life insurance, prescription service, retirement, child care center, and much more. Quality in our organization is the result of a focused effort of all our staff and all our resources. We need everybody’s energy, enthusiasm and compassion to achieve our goal of exceeding our customers’ expectations, whether those customers are patients, physicians, visitors or fellow employees.  By joining the Spartanburg Regional Healthcare System, employees have joined a team that represents the highest standards of healthcare delivery."	[profession: administration (non-clinical) specialties: customer service/support/training spartanburg regional healthcare system has 9/5 service/clerical positions in  hospitality services to work full time/part time monday - friday  1st &amp; 2nd shifts and every other weekend.  qualified candidates will have any level of education.  must be able to read, write and speak english.  facility: spartanburg regional healthcare system  description: spartanburg regional medical center offers competitive salaries and benefits which include tuition reimbursement, medical, dental and life insurance, prescription service, retirement, child care center, and much more. quality in our organization is the result of a focused effort of all our staff and all our resources. we need everybody’s energy, enthusiasm and compassion to achieve our goal of exceeding our customers’ expectations, whether those customers are patients, physicians, visitors, fellow employees.  by joining the spartanburg regional healthcare system, employees have joined a team that represents the highest standards of healthcare delivery.]	[43, 41]	[43]	43.194	Customer Service Associate	1.0	1	0	Customer Service Associate
v2	Customer Service Representative	"10:30am - 7:00pm positions only:  Exciting expansion of (Marietta)metro-Atlanta utility with exceptional benefits and growth potential.  Employer seeking individual to process service applications, address billing concerns, and respond to customer inquiries.  New products and services position company on the leading edge with a proven 60 year stable history."	[10:30am - 7:00pm positions only:  exciting expansion of (marietta)metro-atlanta utility with exceptional benefits and growth potential.  employer seeking individual to process service applications, address billing concerns, and respond to customer inquiries.  new products and services position company on the leading edge with a proven 60 year stable history.]	[43, 41]	[43]	43.0	Customer Service Representative	1.0	1	1	Customer Service Representative
v2	Template: Administrative Assistant	"International headquarters of rapidly expanding Financial Services and Marketing company seeks Administrative Assistants at all levels. Exceptional work environment and growth opportunities.  Company is regarded as the leader in its field.  Benefits include year-end bonus, travel compensation, on-site health club, fully paid medical.  Fax resume to (813) 372-8282 for immediate consideration."	[international headquarters of rapidly expanding financial services and marketing company seeks administrative assistants at all levels. exceptional work environment and growth opportunities.  company is regarded as the leader in its field.  benefits include year-end bonus, travel compensation, on-site health club, fully paid medical.  fax resume to (813) 372-8282 for immediate consideration.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	0	Administrative Assistant
v2	Accounts Payable-Purchasing Auditor	"THE AUDIT GROUP, INC. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the United States. In these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader.  Our reputation for discovery auditing, funds recovery, expert consulting, and working in close partnership with our clients has made us the distinguished industry leader. Although we are currently fully staffed, our growth requires that we add positions beginning in early 2000.  If you're a high performer and have been looking for the company that recognizes and rewards results, consider The Audit Group. You'll want to join our team because you've seen different ways to do things and have ideas about new approaches. You think best outside of the box, and aren't afraid to roll up your sleeves to help our customers.  Our customers are located throughout the U.S.  To provide the kind of ""knock-their-socks-off"" expertise and customer service that we're known for, you'll travel to the hospital site to conduct the audit, and reside in that city for 2-3 months until the audit is concluded. Although NO RELOCATION IS REQUIRED, our continuing growth requires that you'll travel 90%-95% of the year, throughout the U.S.  For detailed info about the job, hiring timelines, our company, everything...check us out at our web site - theauditgroup.com"	[the audit group, inc. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the united states. in these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader.  our reputation for discovery auditing, funds recovery, expert consulting, and working in close partnership with our clients has made us the distinguished industry leader. although we are currently fully staffed, our growth requires that we add positions beginning in early 2000.  if you're a high performer and have been looking for the company that recognizes and rewards results, consider the audit group. you'll want to join our team because you've seen different ways to do things and have ideas about new approaches. you think best outside of the box, and aren't afraid to roll up your sleeves to help our customers.  our customers are located throughout the u.s.  to provide the kind of knock-their-socks-off expertise and customer service that we're known for, you'll travel to the hospital site to conduct the audit, and reside in that city for 2-3 months until the audit is concluded. although no relocation is required, our continuing growth requires that you'll travel 90%-95% of the year, throughout the u.s.  for detailed info about the job, hiring timelines, our company, everything...check us out at our web site - theauditgroup.com]	[43]	[43]	43.9	Accounts Payable Clerk	0.26731792	1	0	Accounts Payable Clerk
v2	Professional Assistant/Office Manager	Entry-level position.  Professional Office Assistant will assist Executive Vice President and Vice President team on a wide variety of projects.  Will be rewarded with exposure to a wide variety of high level projects and people.  Will have an opportunity to make worthwhile contributions to strategic initiatives.  Will advance according to your own abilities.  This firm is focused on delivering top notch research and consulting products to a variety of clients.  This is a casual working environment.  Benefits are included.	[entry-level position.  professional office assistant will assist executive vice president and vice president team on a wide variety of projects.  will be rewarded with exposure to a wide variety of high level projects and people.  will have an opportunity to make worthwhile contributions to strategic initiatives.  will advance according to your own abilities.  this firm is focused on delivering top notch research and consulting products to a variety of clients.  this is a casual working environment.  benefits are included.]	[43, 11]	[11]	11.41	Office Manager	0.88826144	1	0	Office Manager
v2	Customer Service Manager	"Computer Services, Inc., the nation’s premier community bank processing company, is currently seeking qualified candidates for the position of Customer Service Manager in the Charleston, WV area.  *Candidate may live anywhere in the eastern Ohio or northern West Virginia area.*  The selected candidate will be responsible for managing all aspects of our world-class customer satisfaction program with our community banking customers.  These responsibilities include managing a staff of account managers, developing  new business, product implementation and training, staff development and operational analysis."	[computer services, inc., the nation’s premier community bank processing company, is currently seeking qualified candidates for the position of customer service manager in the charleston, wv area.  *candidate may live anywhere in the eastern ohio, northern west virginia area.*  the selected candidate will be responsible for managing all aspects of our world-class customer satisfaction program with our community banking customers.  these responsibilities include managing a staff of account managers, developing  new business, product implementation and training, staff development and operational analysis.]	[43, 11]	[43]	43.30136	Customer Service Manager	1.0	1	1	Customer Service Manager
v2	Executive Assistant	"            Executive Assistant - To $55K + BONUS  International Executive Search firm seeks an experienced Executive Assistant to support the firm's COO. Excellent Software and communications skills are essential. Candidate will be involved with the following:  Calandar Management- Scheduling new candidates to meet CEO, schedule personal & business appointments, schedule in-house appointments.  Database Management- Maintain Database of candidates & Clients  Applicant Management - Manintain paperwork on applicants  Client Management - Schedule appointments with clients, followup on candidate interviews  Financial Management - Oversee billing and petty cash  Staff Support - Assist other staff members as needed."	[executive assistant - to $55k + bonus  international executive search firm seeks an experienced executive assistant to support the firm's coo. excellent software and communications skills are essential. candidate will be involved with the following:  calandar management- scheduling new candidates to meet ceo, schedule personal & business appointments, schedule in-house appointments.  database management- maintain database of candidates & clients  applicant management - manintain paperwork on applicants  client management - schedule appointments with clients, followup on candidate interviews  financial management - oversee billing and petty cash  staff support - assist other staff members as needed.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	1	Executive Assistant
v2	Executive Administrative Assistant	"Wave Systems Corp. is a pioneer and industry leader in the field of secure electronic commerce.  We are creating  the world’s best technologies to secure and sell digital products. If you are the type who wants to see your contributions have an impact on the company you work for, then this is the place for you.  A little Silicon Valley right here in Princeton, New Jersey!  Come join the excitement at Wave.  JOB DESCRIPTION: This position is responsible for full administrative support to the Vice President of Product Development. These responsibilites include maintaining the calendar, scheduling meetings, correspondence, answering phones, preparing expense reports, coordinating travel arrangements, as well as other administrative duties (as needed). Candidate must have prior experience at a Senior or Executive Secretary level."	[wave systems corp. is a pioneer and industry leader in the field of secure electronic commerce.  we are creating  the world’s best technologies to secure and sell digital products. if you are the type who wants to see your contributions have an impact on the company you work for, then this is the place for you.  a little silicon valley right here in princeton, new jersey!  come join the excitement at wave.  job description: this position is responsible for full administrative support to the vice president of product development. these responsibilites include maintaining the calendar, scheduling meetings, correspondence, answering phones, preparing expense reports, coordinating travel arrangements, as well as other administrative duties (as needed). candidate must have prior experience at a senior, executive secretary level.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	0.5	1	0	Executive Administrative Assistant
v2	Medical Receptionist	"Must have light exp in a medical office on the front desk.  Must have dealt with patients, phones, and insurance verification.  Fax resumes to 713-978-6928.  must be in resume form and a font 14 or larger."	[must have light exp in a medical office on the front desk.  must have dealt with patients, phones, and insurance verification.  fax resumes to 713-978-6928.  must be in resume form and a font 14, larger.]	[43]	[43]	43.35	Medical Receptionist	0.99355984	1	1	Medical Receptionist
v2	a/r clerk	a/r receivable clerk needed for a large public accounting firm.	[a/r receivable clerk needed for a large public accounting firm.]	[43]	[43]	43.3	Book Keeper	0.36248493	1	0	Accounts Payable Clerk OR Accounts Receivable Specialist
v2	Administrative Assistant	"International law firm requires Administrative Assistant to Senior Partner. Position involves extensive client contact and administrative functions eg. personal investments, coordinating travel arrangements, etc. Must have prior experience working for a high level professional eg. CEO, managing partner etc. Must be willing and able to work in a high pressure environment, dependable, responsible, able to work independently. WP 8.0, will x-train from MS Word if skills are strong. Typing at least 60 wpm. Please fax resumes to DONNA'S ATTENTION at 212-286-1973 or e-mail donnam@theparksgroup.com"	[international law firm requires administrative assistant to senior partner. position involves extensive client contact and administrative functions eg. personal investments, coordinating travel arrangements, etc. must have prior experience working for a high level professional eg. ceo, managing partner etc. must be willing and able to work in a high pressure environment, dependable, responsible, able to work independently. wp 8.0, will x-train from ms word if skills are strong. typing at least 60 wpm. please fax resumes to donna's attention at 212-286-1973, e-mail donnam@theparksgroup.com]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	1	Administrative Assistant
v2	Executive Assistant	"Administrative and clerical work.  make travel arrangements, keep schedule, type correspondence, prepare special projects, and sit in on meetings and take notes.  Also, must be a personal assistant (errands, etc.)"	[administrative and clerical work.  make travel arrangements, keep schedule, type correspondence, prepare special projects, and sit in on meetings and take notes.  also, must be a personal assistant (errands, etc.)]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	1	Executive Assistant
v2	Administrative Assistant	Our downtown global services client is seeking a top notch administrative assistant to provide support to an excellent boss. Your role includes providing professional and polished assistance in both official languages.	[our downtown global services client is seeking a top notch administrative assistant to provide support to an excellent boss. your role includes providing professional and polished assistance in both official languages.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	1	Administrative Assistant
v2	EXECUTIVE ASSISTANT	"Description: DIGITEL is a National Telecommunications Company that has been in existence since 1983. Specializing in Enterprise Communication Solutions, we are one of NORTEL's (Northern Telecom) largest Independent Distributor's in the United States with over 10,000 installations. DIGITEL sells, installs, and services Telephone and Data communiction systems, business INTERNET SERVICES including web design/hosting, voice processing and ACD Systems, as well as LAN, WAN, and Long Distance applications.  We are seeking an experienced Executive Administrative Assistant to support the CEO, CFO and corporate staff as required. Daily tasks include: Maintain communications (e-mail, written, phone, fax), Administer corporate travel, Plan and co-ordinate corporate functions, Maintain filing systems and schedules, Screen incoming calls and route appropriately while ensuring customer service with integrity.  We are located just outside 285 on the northside. This is a salaried exempt position with good company benefits."	[description: digitel is a national telecommunications company that has been in existence since 1983. specializing in enterprise communication solutions, we are one of nortel's (northern telecom) largest independent distributor's in the united states with over 10,000 installations. digitel sells, installs, and services telephone and data communiction systems, business internet services including web design/hosting, voice processing and acd systems, as well as lan, wan, and long distance applications.  we are seeking an experienced executive administrative assistant to support the ceo, cfo and corporate staff as required. daily tasks include: maintain communications (e-mail, written, phone, fax), administer corporate travel, plan and co-ordinate corporate functions, maintain filing systems and schedules, screen incoming calls and route appropriately while ensuring customer service with integrity.  we are located just outside 285 on the northside. this is a salaried exempt position with good company benefits.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	1	Executive Assistant
v2	Office Supervisor	"Oversee day to day general office supervision, accounts payable, accounts receivables, special projects, order supplies, mail, correspondence.  May assist loan personnel with files.  Qualifications Necessary:  (1) - (2) years general office supervision.  Ability to lean Quicken and any other computer software.  Must have general word processing and computer knowledge.  Industry Experience:  Prefer Mortgage Banking, Banking or Consumer Finance."	[oversee day to day general office supervision, accounts payable, accounts receivables, special projects, order supplies, mail, correspondence.  may assist loan personnel with files.  qualifications necessary:  (1) - (2) years general office supervision.  ability to lean quicken and any other computer software.  must have general word processing and computer knowledge.  industry experience:  prefer mortgage banking, banking, consumer finance.]	[43]	[43]	43.168	Office Supervisor	1.0	1	1	Office Supervisor
v2	Commercial Credit and Collections	"One of the premier credit and collections positions in Indianapolis.  This company's tremendous growth has created many opportunities for advancement. Manage major commercial accounts across the United States. (many of which will sound familiar to you)  Work with professionals in a professional setting. Excellent compensation plan includes paid overtime and bonus program.  If you are experience in commercial credit, collections and account management and posess skills in MS Excel and Windows 95/98, please reply ASAP for consideration."	[one of the premier credit and collections positions in indianapolis.  this company's tremendous growth has created many opportunities for advancement. manage major commercial accounts across the united states. (many of which will sound familiar to you)  work with professionals in a professional setting. excellent compensation plan includes paid overtime and bonus program.  if you are experience in commercial credit, collections and account management and posess skills in ms excel and windows 95/98, please reply asap for consideration.]	[43, 13]	[11]	11.82	Collections Manager	0.5	0	0	Credit Collections Analyst
v2	Administrative Assistant Travel	"Travel division, right hand assistant needed to report to Travel Manager.  Very diverse responsibilities, troubleshoot departmental computer problems, manage database and spreadsheet projects, effectively communicate with high profile clientele, problem solver, streamline office procedures and systems, keep departmental inventory and purchase supplies and services as needed, some recordkeeping for departmental accounting, assist with payroll and AR reporting. Opportunity to learn about Travel."	[travel division, right hand assistant needed to report to travel manager.  very diverse responsibilities, troubleshoot departmental computer problems, manage database and spreadsheet projects, effectively communicate with high profile clientele, problem solver, streamline office procedures and systems, keep departmental inventory and purchase supplies and services as needed, some recordkeeping for departmental accounting, assist with payroll and ar reporting. opportunity to learn about travel.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	0.6528742	1	0	Administrative Assistant
v2	Executive Assistant	"World Wide Ad Agency Anxious to meet suitable candidates Midtown location Corporate but non stuffy atmosphere  Executive assistant needed to assist the top exec of Compensation, Benefits and Worldwide Relocation. This is a project oriented, visible position.Able to interface with top execs in the office and worldwide. This exec is a great person to work for, good attitude and sees this as a partnership. Must have great time management skills as this individual will run this persons professional life and project management skills to keep up with a busy dept with own responsibilities as well. Able to handle confidential information. This is NOT a heavy overtime position but should have some flexibility."	[world wide ad agency anxious to meet suitable candidates midtown location corporate but non stuffy atmosphere  executive assistant needed to assist the top exec of compensation, benefits and worldwide relocation. this is a project oriented, visible position.able to interface with top execs in the office and worldwide. this exec is a great person to work for, good attitude and sees this as a partnership. must have great time management skills as this individual will run this persons professional life and project management skills to keep up with a busy dept with own responsibilities as well. able to handle confidential information. this is not a heavy overtime position but should have some flexibility.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	1	Executive Assistant
v2	Administrative Assistant #4	"This job is full time Monday - Thursday with a salary of 32K and full benefits. You will be working for a Research Scientist (Bio Chem) working with grants, letters, documents. Top grammar, spelling etc... Looking for an intellegent person. Type 60WPM+, good computer skills, multi-task. Looking for someone with stable work experience with good references."	[this job is full time monday - thursday with a salary of 32k and full benefits. you will be working for a research scientist (bio chem) working with grants, letters, documents. top grammar, spelling etc... looking for an intellegent person. type 60wpm+, good computer skills, multi-task. looking for someone with stable work experience with good references.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	0.99977887	1	0	Administrative Assistant
v2	entry level secretarial	"excellent opportunity for entry level candidate with good people skills  firm offer full benefits and bonus  corporate casual atmosphere  non structured atmosphere  busy established brokerage firm seeks an upbeat candidate with some office experience. Will offer assistance to brokers, answer phones, lite computer work, filing, faxing, giving out information, sending letters. Someone willing to learn and work hard. Friendly office, open due to expansion."	[excellent opportunity for entry level candidate with good people skills  firm offer full benefits and bonus  corporate casual atmosphere  non structured atmosphere  busy established brokerage firm seeks an upbeat candidate with some office experience. will offer assistance to brokers, answer phones, lite computer work, filing, faxing, giving out information, sending letters. someone willing to learn and work hard. friendly office, open due to expansion.]	[43]	[43]	43.7	Data Entry Clerk	0.5367768	1	0	Secretary
v2	Administrative Assistant #5	Administrative Assistant to the President of a small but rapidly growing company. Looking for someone who will be his right hand person. Someone with strong Excel and light Word skills. Needs someone to organize him and keep his calendar up to date. Anyone with an English degree or someone with excellent grammar and good writing skills would be helpful. Customer Service is a must. They want someone to get to know their clients and be personable & tactful over the phone. Must be a team player.	[administrative assistant to the president of a small but rapidly growing company. looking for someone who will be his right hand person. someone with strong excel and light word skills. needs someone to organize him and keep his calendar up to date. anyone with an english degree, someone with excellent grammar and good writing skills would be helpful. customer service is a must. they want someone to get to know their clients and be personable & tactful over the phone. must be a team player.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	0	Administrative Assistant
v2	Executive Assistant to the CEO & Founder	"MaMaMedia Inc., a fast growing, Soho-based, leading children's media company creating Internet-centered products for young children and their families is looking for an Executive Assistant to the CEO & Founder. Send your resume via fax to 212-334-3276 or email to jobs@mamamedia.com"	[mamamedia inc., a fast growing, soho-based, leading children's media company creating internet-centered products for young children and their families is looking for an executive assistant to the ceo & founder. send your resume via fax to 212-334-3276, email to jobs@mamamedia.com]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	0	Executive Assistant
v2	Sales Accounting Administrator	"This is an accounting position.  Major responsibilities:  ** Accounts receivable and collectables. ** Order entry, contacting customers, conducting credit checks, ensuring shipment of orders, invoicing, collections and sales reporting. ** In addition, will provide back-up for accounts payable and general accounting.  Requirements:  ** Finance/accounting degree or equivalent. ** Three to four years of related experience. ** Ability to work in a small department, within a fast-growing, fast-paced company, with a positive, flexible attitude."	[this is an accounting position.  major responsibilities:  ** accounts receivable and collectables. ** order entry, contacting customers, conducting credit checks, ensuring shipment of orders, invoicing, collections and sales reporting. ** in addition, will provide back-up for accounts payable and general accounting.  requirements:  ** finance/accounting degree, equivalent. ** three to four years of related experience. ** ability to work in a small department, within a fast-growing, fast-paced company, with a positive, flexible attitude.]	[43, 11]	[11]	11.10261	Sales Administrator	1.0	1	0	Sales Administrator
v2	Executive Assistant	"Our client, a financial services corporation in Mahwah, is looking for an executive assistant.  This individual will be responsible for performing diversified and confidential administrative duties for the Senior VP of Internal Services and support other Senior Officers as needed.  Essential duties include the following: Initiate, prepare, and/or distribute correspondence, memos, reports as needed;  Schedule and maintain calendar of meetings, appointments, travel itinerary and coordinate related arrangements; Receive and direct visitors; Process expenses and other payables; Plan, direct, and coordinate activities of miscellaneous projects as assigned; and additional responsibilities as assigned.  Strong communication and PC Skills are essential in this position.  Hours are: 10:30- 6:30, overtime may be required.  Full benefits and competitive salary.  ONLY RESUMES WITH SALARY REQUIREMENTS WILL BE CONSIDERED."	[our client, a financial services corporation in mahwah, is looking for an executive assistant.  this individual will be responsible for performing diversified and confidential administrative duties for the senior vp of internal services and support other senior officers as needed.  essential duties include the following: initiate, prepare, and/or distribute correspondence, memos, reports as needed;  schedule and maintain calendar of meetings, appointments, travel itinerary and coordinate related arrangements; receive and direct visitors; process expenses and other payables; plan, direct, and coordinate activities of miscellaneous projects as assigned; and additional responsibilities as assigned.  strong communication and pc skills are essential in this position.  hours are: 10:30- 6:30, overtime may be required.  full benefits and competitive salary.  only resumes with salary requirements will be considered.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	1	Executive Assistant
v2	Human Resources Administative Assistant	"Are you an Administrative Assistant with Human Resources experience?  If so, you may be the candidate we are looking for to fill our full time Human Resources Assistant position.  You will coordinate routine assignments of daily work flow for Human Resources management, including filing, faxing, mail, typing, telephone coverage and internal dissemination and distribution of materials and correspondence; prepare various documents such as job posting documents, newspaper advertising, flyers, etc.; schedule telephone and in-person interviews with applicants and Bank staff; coordinate travel and itinerary arrangements for prospective employees for interviewing purposes; prepare all offer letters of employment and correspondence related to staffing and employment issues; collect and track information related to Bankwide volunteerism activities and events; establish and maintain files and records for the staffing and employment, compensation, and community involvement areas of Human Resources."	[are you an administrative assistant with human resources experience?  if so, you may be the candidate we are looking for to fill our full time human resources assistant position.  you will coordinate routine assignments of daily work flow for human resources management, including filing, faxing, mail, typing, telephone coverage and internal dissemination and distribution of materials and correspondence; prepare various documents such as job posting documents, newspaper advertising, flyers, etc.; schedule telephone and in-person interviews with applicants and bank staff; coordinate travel and itinerary arrangements for prospective employees for interviewing purposes; prepare all offer letters of employment and correspondence related to staffing and employment issues; collect and track information related to bankwide volunteerism activities and events; establish and maintain files and records for the staffing and employment, compensation, and community involvement areas of human resources.]	[43]	[11]	11.28	Assistant Director	0.33577833	0	0	Human Resources Assistant
v2	Legal Secretary	"The job market for Legal Secretaries is hot right now, and qualified candidates are hard to find.  TEN-The Employment Network is seeking experienced Legal Secretaries for temporary and permanent job opportunities in the Washington DC, metropolitan area.  We have opportunities available in some of DC's most prestigious law firms.  Qualified candidates will possess at least one year of expereince as a Legal Secretary, be proficient with MS Office 97 or WordPerfect 7.0.  Candiates must also have excellent administrative skills and be able to effectively communicate.  Typing speed of at least 65 words per minute is required.  We have immediate openings for both temporary and permanent candidates.  Please send your resume for immmediate consideration."	[the job market for legal secretaries is hot right now, and qualified candidates are hard to find.  ten-the employment network is seeking experienced legal secretaries for temporary and permanent job opportunities in the washington dc, metropolitan area.  we have opportunities available in some of dc's most prestigious law firms.  qualified candidates will possess at least one year of expereince as a legal secretary, be proficient with ms office 97, wordperfect 7.0.  candiates must also have excellent administrative skills and be able to effectively communicate.  typing speed of at least 65 words per minute is required.  we have immediate openings for both temporary and permanent candidates.  please send your resume for immmediate consideration.]	[43]	[43]	43.18	Legal Secretary	1.0	1	1	Legal Secretary
v2	Administrative Assistant	"Work in the International Clearance Department. Work for 3 people. handle phones, fax, and general duties. Must be a self starter."	[work in the international clearance department. work for 3 people. handle phones, fax, and general duties. must be a self starter.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	1	Administrative Assistant
v2	ADMININISTRATIVE ASSISTANT	"Soho-based, high-growth, children’s media company creating Internet-centered products for young children and their families is looking for an Entry Level Administrative Assistant to join our small, exciting, technology-rich company - a company that’s growing fast! The ideal candidate must have excellent verbal communication skills, the ability to follow through on assigned projects and work overtime during some periods. The Administrative Assistant is primarily responsible for reception in the front office."	[soho-based, high-growth, children’s media company creating internet-centered products for young children and their families is looking for an entry level administrative assistant to join our small, exciting, technology-rich company - a company that’s growing fast! the ideal candidate must have excellent verbal communication skills, the ability to follow through on assigned projects and work overtime during some periods. the administrative assistant is primarily responsible for reception in the front office.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	0	Administrative Assistant
v2	Secretary Administrative-Non Profit	"One of the largest philanthropic organizations in the US has an opening in the Culture Program for a secretary to support a staff which makes grants to the areas arts and cultural organizations. You will assist the program staff in developing, processing and maintaining information relating to grantmaking activities. You will handle all secretarial functions including word processing, scheduling meetings and appointments, proofreading, plus expense reporting for the officers using Excel. Assist in coordinating agenda materials and other important grantmaking activities."	[one of the largest philanthropic organizations in the us has an opening in the culture program for a secretary to support a staff which makes grants to the areas arts and cultural organizations. you will assist the program staff in developing, processing and maintaining information relating to grantmaking activities. you will handle all secretarial functions including word processing, scheduling meetings and appointments, proofreading, plus expense reporting for the officers using excel. assist in coordinating agenda materials and other important grantmaking activities.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	0	Administrative Secretary
v2	Administrative Assistant	"Rapidly growing hi-tech company in the Perimeter Mall area, seeking motivated Administrative Assistant to 2 Executives.  Excellent organizational skills and professional can-do attitude a must!  Send resume and salary history via email to Sara at employment@noblesys.com or fax to (404) 851-1421."	[rapidly growing hi-tech company in the perimeter mall area, seeking motivated administrative assistant to 2 executives.  excellent organizational skills and professional can-do attitude a must!  send resume and salary history via email to sara at employment@noblesys.com, fax to (404) 851-1421.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	1	Administrative Assistant
v2	Legal Secretary Trainee	A mid-size law firm is looking for Jr. legal secretaries. Must type 70WPM+ and have basic legal secretary skills. Previous expereince doing transcribing is a plus!   This is a stable company looking for stable people. They offer excellent benefits and is a fun office.	[a mid-size law firm is looking for jr. legal secretaries. must type 70wpm+ and have basic legal secretary skills. previous expereince doing transcribing is a plus!   this is a stable company looking for stable people. they offer excellent benefits and is a fun office.]	[43]	[43]	43.18	Legal Secretary	1.0	1	0	Legal Secretary
v2	Office Administrator	"This employee should be a team player who take initiative to ensure the seamless operation of a field office location. This individual must be organized, dependable and should have the ability to work independently.  In addition they should have excellent telephone skills, the ability to problem solve and possess a positive attitude to support a diverse office staff. A solid knowledge of MS Office applications, tele-systems, and voice mail administration, and the ability to complete assignments in a timely manner are essential."	[this employee should be a team player who take initiative to ensure the seamless operation of a field office location. this individual must be organized, dependable and should have the ability to work independently.  in addition they should have excellent telephone skills, the ability to problem solve and possess a positive attitude to support a diverse office staff. a solid knowledge of ms office applications, tele-systems, and voice mail administration, and the ability to complete assignments in a timely manner are essential.]	[43, 11]	[43]	43.27	Office Administrator	1.0	1	1	Office Administrator
v2	HR  Assistant	"Introduction First American Real Estate Information Services (FAREIS, Inc.) is a rapidly growing $600 million division of First American Financial. A diversified, 100+ year old, 2.8 billion real estate-related financial and information services powerhouse.   First American enjoys a fine reputation and has earned national recognition and acclaim in the Wall Street Journal, and a place on Fortune Magazine’s list of America’s Most Admired Corporations.   Due to continued business growth and rapid technological advancements, First American will continue to actively recruit professionals who can make a major contribution to the organization and at the same time desire an exciting and challenging career with one of America’s true business innovators.   We are currently searching for an experienced HR Asst for our Dallas Office located at 8435 N. Stemmons Freeway.     ."	[introduction first american real estate information services (fareis, inc.) is a rapidly growing $600 million division of first american financial. a diversified, 100+ year old, 2.8 billion real estate-related financial and information services powerhouse.   first american enjoys a fine reputation and has earned national recognition and acclaim in the wall street journal, and a place on fortune magazine’s list of america’s most admired corporations.   due to continued business growth and rapid technological advancements, first american will continue to actively recruit professionals who can make a major contribution to the organization and at the same time desire an exciting and challenging career with one of america’s true business innovators.   we are currently searching for an experienced hr asst for our dallas office located at 8435 n. stemmons freeway.     .]	[43]	[43]	43.15	Human Resources Assistant	1.0	1	0	Human Resources Assistant
v2	Accountant/FC Bookkeeper**	"Local Santa Barbara company seeks talented accountant/full-charge bookkeeper to handle AP/AR, cash receipts, bank reconciliation, credit and collections, act as a liaison between the division and the corporate headquarters, handle inter division transfers, cash management, fixed assets, sales tax reports, payroll, and to assist with month end close, financial statements and audit schedules."	[local santa barbara company seeks talented accountant/full-charge bookkeeper to handle ap/ar, cash receipts, bank reconciliation, credit and collections, act as a liaison between the division and the corporate headquarters, handle inter division transfers, cash management, fixed assets, sales tax reports, payroll, and to assist with month end close, financial statements and audit schedules.]	[43, 13]	[43]	43.3	Book Keeper	1.0	1	0	Book Keeper OR Accountant
v2	"Executive Assistant, bilingual"	Administrative Assistant with conversational Spanish skill Excellent benefits Downtown location Generous bonus  Excellent opportunity for candidate with administrative background to assist in a Corporate Finance dept. Strong Powerpoint skills needed to do presentations. Excellent working atmosphere.	[administrative assistant with conversational spanish skill excellent benefits downtown location generous bonus  excellent opportunity for candidate with administrative background to assist in a corporate finance dept. strong powerpoint skills needed to do presentations. excellent working atmosphere.]	[43, 31]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	0	Executive Assistant
v2	Secretary Administrative - Global	"Job Description:   Fortune 500 communications company seeks an outgoing, self-sufficient individual with good jon tenure in a corporate situation to support two junior sales associates. Ability to prioritize, communicate with clients on the phone and present a positive image of the corporation."	[job description:   fortune 500 communications company seeks an outgoing, self-sufficient individual with good jon tenure in a corporate situation to support two junior sales associates. ability to prioritize, communicate with clients on the phone and present a positive image of the corporation.]	[43]	[43]	43.170	Administrative Secretary	0.61535466	1	0	Administrative Secretary
v2	Secretary Executive-Lower Bucks County	"Hi Tech Company seeks an experienced administrative assistant to work directly with adepartment manager You will coordinate his travel, schedule meetings, assist clients in his absence, maintain a calendar and provide telephone support to other managers."	[hi tech company seeks an experienced administrative assistant to work directly with adepartment manager you will coordinate his travel, schedule meetings, assist clients in his absence, maintain a calendar and provide telephone support to other managers.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	0.24975452	1	0	Executive Secretary
v2	SECRETARY MEDICAL	Job Description: Famous surgeon with a heavy patient  load needs an experienced medical secretary with an outgoing personality who is  able to juggle a series of tasks. Should have a high energy level and good MsWord skills. Should be able to help with grants & manuscripts. Superior benefits are provided.	[job description: famous surgeon with a heavy patient  load needs an experienced medical secretary with an outgoing personality who is  able to juggle a series of tasks. should have a high energy level and good msword skills. should be able to help with grants & manuscripts. superior benefits are provided.]	[43]	[43]	43.119	Medical Secretary	0.6461119	1	0	Medical Secretary
v2	Secretary Administration	"High profile executive secretary to provide administrative support to a politically active partner. Requires a well organized, savvy individual who is comfortable working with CEO's, CFO's & Decision Makers. Should have good word processing skills in MS Word. Excellent verbal and written communication ability a must. College background highly desired. Requires some overnight travel to DC."	[high profile executive secretary to provide administrative support to a politically active partner. requires a well organized, savvy individual who is comfortable working with ceo's, cfo's & decision makers. should have good word processing skills in ms word. excellent verbal and written communication ability a must. college background highly desired. requires some overnight travel to dc.]	[43]	[43]	43.170	Administrative Secretary	0.86618406	1	0	Administrative Secretary
v2	ADMIN. ASST.	"PISCATAWAY NJ AREA HIGH/TECH R&D COMPANY HAS AN OPENING FOR ADMIN. ASST.---BI-LINGUAL CHINESE/ENG. ADMIN DUTIES INCLUDING PHONES, MAIL,"	[piscataway nj area high/tech r&d company has an opening for admin. asst.---bi-lingual chinese/eng. admin duties including phones, mail,]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	0	Administrative Assistant
v2	Executive Secretary	"Job Description:  Human Resource Consulting Company with over 2,000 employees in 33 countries serving thousands of clients throughout the world needs an executive assisant  to work with a manager and his HR group.You will be arranging meetings, making travel arrangements, creating documents on MS Office."	[job description:  human resource consulting company with over 2,000 employees in 33 countries serving thousands of clients throughout the world needs an executive assisant  to work with a manager and his hr group.you will be arranging meetings, making travel arrangements, creating documents on ms office.]	[43]	[43]	43.31188	Executive Secretary	1.0	1	1	Executive Secretary
v2	Executive Assistant	"We are looking for a superlatively detail-oriented person to support encoding.com's senior level executive. This person will schedule appointments, travel, conference arrangements, proposals, slide shows, and maintain internal and external relationships using Excel, Word, contact database and e-mail."	[we are looking for a superlatively detail-oriented person to support encoding.com's senior level executive. this person will schedule appointments, travel, conference arrangements, proposals, slide shows, and maintain internal and external relationships using excel, word, contact database and e-mail.]	[43]	[43]	43.6	Executive Assistant	1.0	1	1	Executive Assistant
v2	Administrative Assistant	"Support V.P. of Sales and Sales Manager with all administrative duties, including correspondence, contracts, proposals, travel arrangements, meeting arrangements, trade shows, customer contact, special projects.  Fast-paced environment with lots of variety and responsibility."	[support v.p. of sales and sales manager with all administrative duties, including correspondence, contracts, proposals, travel arrangements, meeting arrangements, trade shows, customer contact, special projects.  fast-paced environment with lots of variety and responsibility.]	[43]	[43]	43.1	Administrative Assistant	1.0	1	1	Administrative Assistant
v2	Credit & Collections Specialists	"Performs office collection functions for MichCon Credit Centers.  Work includes telephone and in-person contacts with customers to proactively resolve arrears accounts.  Insures arrears are properly researched and collected (i.e.: deposits, reconnects, written off, etc.).  Analyzes accounts for 61-H, fraud, and theft determination.  Applies appropriate regulatory applications to customer transactions.  Works with professional associations, government agencies, and other organizations to conduct work practices and collect revenue.  Advises customers of all options to collect arrearages. Other duties include, collection of deposits for gas turn-on, and completion of Home Heating Credit applications and credit agreements.  Provides information to other departments on a timely basis related to payments, agreements, or pending collection action. Future responsibilities may include credit worthiness approval for non-gas services (i.e., NPP, loan approvals, etc.).  Participates in the future development of Credit Center functions and process improvements.  May perform other duties as needed."	[performs office collection functions for michcon credit centers.  work includes telephone and in-person contacts with customers to proactively resolve arrears accounts.  insures arrears are properly researched and collected (i.e.: deposits, reconnects, written off, etc.).  analyzes accounts for 61-h, fraud, and theft determination.  applies appropriate regulatory applications to customer transactions.  works with professional associations, government agencies, and other organizations to conduct work practices and collect revenue.  advises customers of all options to collect arrearages. other duties include, collection of deposits for gas turn-on, and completion of home heating credit applications and credit agreements.  provides information to other departments on a timely basis related to payments, agreements,, pending collection action. future responsibilities may include credit worthiness approval for non-gas services (i.e., npp, loan approvals, etc.).  participates in the future development of credit center functions and process improvements.  may perform other duties as needed.]	[43]	[11]	11.82	Collections Manager	0.5	0	0	Credit Collections Analyst
v2	Customer Service	"Established in 1885, Royal Selangor is the world's largest pewter manufacturer. With offices in over twenty countries and thousands of retailers worldwide, Royal Selangor is seeking a customer service professional.  Currently, Royal Selangor's US division, Royal Selangor (USA) Inc., based in Toronto, is experiencing rapid growth and is looking to add to the team of dedicated industry professionals. As our customer service professional, you will be expected to manage a ""full plate of exciting challenges"" which include the following:  - work with current and new retail accounts in order to offer solutions to customer service concerns, issues and problems - work with expanding US based sales force to educate US retailers about our products - work with in house executives and managers on special projects and trade shows - administrative duties including: order entry; checking credit references and account adminstration; accounts receivables and invoicing; warehouse and inventory management  Royal Selangor invites all qualified candidates to submit their resumes."	[established in 1885, royal selangor is the world's largest pewter manufacturer. with offices in over twenty countries and thousands of retailers worldwide, royal selangor is seeking a customer service professional.  currently, royal selangor's us division, royal selangor (usa) inc., based in toronto, is experiencing rapid growth and is looking to add to the team of dedicated industry professionals. as our customer service professional, you will be expected to manage a full plate of exciting challenges which include the following:  - work with current and new retail accounts in order to offer solutions to customer service concerns, issues and problems - work with expanding us based sales force to educate us retailers about our products - work with in house executives and managers on special projects and trade shows - administrative duties including: order entry; checking credit references and account adminstration; accounts receivables and invoicing; warehouse and inventory management  royal selangor invites all qualified candidates to submit their resumes.]	[43, 41]	[43]	43.0	Customer Service Representative	1.0	1	0	Customer Service Representative
v2	Payroll Specialist	"Payroll Specialist  $43K - $44K  + Super Benefits  Midtown NYC headquarters of a multi-state technologies company is seeking an experienced Payroll Specialist with experience in payroll AND THE KRONOS AUTOMATED TIME & ATTENDANCE SYSTEM.  ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS Time & Attendance The successful candidate will be responsible for maintenance & upkeep of the Kronos Automated time & attendance system for several of the company’s satellite offices. Will enter accrual amounts for vacation, personal days, etc; Load Holiday Schedules; Add New Hires; Verify Hours; Check Edits, Missed Punches; Obtain Supervisor Sign-Offs before payroll is processed; Run Payroll Interface; Setup Create Maintain Security, Train New Users, Maintain Help-Desk.  Payroll Will also Process Payroll for 1 satellite office using PeopleSoft Payroll System.  Accounting Monthly reconciliation of Payroll General Ledger Accounts and supplying information for Budget preparation.  Requires Minimum of  3 – 5 years of experience with Payroll - INCLUDING In-house payroll systems.  Experience with Automated Time & Attendance Systems IS A MUST!!!! Experience with the KRONOS system is preferred. A 4 years college degree is preferred BUT not required.. Travel of about 20% is also required.  Applicants will have the necessary experience PLUS solid Word & EXCEL skills.  The working environment is excellent"	[payroll specialist  $43k - $44k  + super benefits  midtown nyc headquarters of a multi-state technologies company is seeking an experienced payroll specialist with experience in payroll and the kronos automated time & attendance system.  essential functions time & attendance the successful candidate will be responsible for maintenance & upkeep of the kronos automated time & attendance system for several of the company’s satellite offices. will enter accrual amounts for vacation, personal days, etc; load holiday schedules; add new hires; verify hours; check edits, missed punches; obtain supervisor sign-offs before payroll is processed; run payroll interface; setup create maintain security, train new users, maintain help-desk.  payroll will also process payroll for 1 satellite office using peoplesoft payroll system.  accounting monthly reconciliation of payroll general ledger accounts and supplying information for budget preparation.  requires minimum of  3 – 5 years of experience with payroll - including in-house payroll systems.  experience with automated time & attendance systems is a must!!!! experience with the kronos system is preferred. a 4 years college degree is preferred but not required.. travel of about 20% is also required.  applicants will have the necessary experience plus solid word & excel skills.  the working environment is excellent]	[43, 15, 13]	[43]	43.23	Payroll Specialist	1.0	1	1	Payroll Specialist
v2	General Hatchery Team Leader	"AGRICULTURE OPERATIONS  <strong>  Various Opportunities  </strong>  Cargill is one of the largest privately owned businesses in the world and Cargill Meats Europe is a leading supplier of poultry products to retail, food service and food manufacturing products throughout Europe.  Cargill has begun a period of growth and within our Agriculture Operations we are part of this, therefore, we now need to build our team and have a number of exciting opportunities to offer. If you have a passion for excellence and delivery and are looking to begin or further a career in agriculture in areas such as:  <strong>  . Chicken Growing Senior Stockperson -</strong> Shirlheath, Leominster, Herefordshire  <strong>. Chicken Breeding Part Time Weekend Poultry Workers -</strong> Pontesford, Shrewsbury, Shropshire  <strong>. Chicken Breeding Part Time Weekend Poultry Worker -</strong> Luston, Leominster, Herefordshire  <strong>. Multi-Skilled Engineers (Electrical/Mechanical bias) -</strong> Leominster, Ludlow & Hereford Areas  <strong>. Chicken Breeding Senior Stockperson (Fixed Term Contract 6 months) -</strong> Bridgnorth, Shropshire  <strong>. General Hatchery Team Leader -</strong> Caynham, Ludlow, Shropshire  <strong>. Agriculture Apprentices -</strong> Prepared to travel to various placements  then we have opportunities for you.    Due to Bird Welfare, it is important that you do not possess any avian pets/poultry.  <strong>  If you are interested in any of these positions, please contact our Central Recruitment Office, Cargill Meats Europe, Grandstand Road, Hereford HR4 9PB, Tel 01432 362673/362227.    </strong>"	[agriculture operations  <strong>  various opportunities  </strong>  cargill is one of the largest privately owned businesses in the world and cargill meats europe is a leading supplier of poultry products to retail, food service and food manufacturing products throughout europe.  cargill has begun a period of growth and within our agriculture operations we are part of this, therefore, we now need to build our team and have a number of exciting opportunities to offer. if you have a passion for excellence and delivery and are looking to begin, further a career in agriculture in areas such as:  <strong>  . chicken growing senior stockperson -</strong> shirlheath, leominster, herefordshire  <strong>. chicken breeding part time weekend poultry workers -</strong> pontesford, shrewsbury, shropshire  <strong>. chicken breeding part time weekend poultry worker -</strong> luston, leominster, herefordshire  <strong>. multi-skilled engineers (electrical/mechanical bias) -</strong> leominster, ludlow & hereford areas  <strong>. chicken breeding senior stockperson (fixed term contract 6 months) -</strong> bridgnorth, shropshire  <strong>. general hatchery team leader -</strong> caynham, ludlow, shropshire  <strong>. agriculture apprentices -</strong> prepared to travel to various placements  then we have opportunities for you.    due to bird welfare, it is important that you do not possess any avian pets/poultry.  <strong>  if you are interested in any of these positions, please contact our central recruitment office, cargill meats europe, grandstand road, hereford hr4 9pb, tel 01432 362673/362227.    </strong>]	[45, 11]	[51]	51.29	Production Leader	0.27647132	0	0	General Supervisor
v2	Estimator Heavy Highway Construction	"Chief Estimator needed for $500+MM heavy highway construction company.  This division does about $35-45MM a year.  Responsible for preparing and/or coordinating preparation of full estimates on large and complex work.  Reports to Div. Mgr. and provides complete conceptual and final estimating input as well as complete total bid price for all work bid by the division.  Position deals with owners, Architects and Engineers as well as contractors (both subs and prime depending on the company's role) to rsolve technical matters during negotiations and contract execution.  May supervise a small staff of 1-4 estimators.  This company offers excellent benefits, advancement opportunities and bonuses.  Seeking candidate with ambition."	[chief estimator needed for $500+mm heavy highway construction company.  this division does about $35-45mm a year.  responsible for preparing and/or coordinating preparation of full estimates on large and complex work.  reports to div. mgr. and provides complete conceptual and final estimating input as well as complete total bid price for all work bid by the division.  position deals with owners, architects and engineers as well as contractors (both subs and prime depending on the company's role) to rsolve technical matters during negotiations and contract execution.  may supervise a small staff of 1-4 estimators.  this company offers excellent benefits, advancement opportunities and bonuses.  seeking candidate with ambition.]	[47]	[47]	47.65	Drywall Construction Estimator	0.8280884	1	0	Drywall Construction Estimator
v2	Project Superintendent - Highway	Project Superintendent for $500+MM heavy highway construction company.  Looking for a candidate with experience in supervising highway construction projects (pipe/dirt work) of $100K - $50+MM with a crew size of 10 or more.  This position offers growth opportunities within the company.	[project superintendent for $500+mm heavy highway construction company.  looking for a candidate with experience in supervising highway construction projects (pipe/dirt work) of $100k - $50+mm with a crew size of 10, more.  this position offers growth opportunities within the company.]	[47, 11]	[47]	47.30128	Superintendent	1.0	1	0	Superintendent
v2	Superintendent  Construction Manager Home Building   Florida	"4 Year College Degree On site supervision of the construction of single family homes, apartments, 4 Year College multifamily townhome attached for sale tract housing.townhome type units in Tampa Florida area.4 Year College Will initially pick up one site then 2 to 3 sites. 4 Year College Degree   Position Description  4 Year College Degree   General Superintendent/ Framing Superintendent   Reports To: Project manager  Position Objective:  Oversee the installation of the foundation and the framing operations                                      on the job site to the drywall completion stage of each building.                                      Organize the work and coordinate the various complex aspects of the                                     construction process.     Duties:  1. Responsible to coordinate the construction activities to build the project according to the plans and specifications. 2. Specific area of focus will be in the setting of grade for each building according to the approved plans, installing the foundations and overseeing the construction of the building up to the drywall stage. 3. Responsible for scheduling all subcontractors and personnel necessary to construct the project through the drywall stage. 4. Responsible to build the project on budget. 5. Responsible to schedule and obtain all necessary inspections in such a manner that the areas of inspection are cleared to continue construction progress in a timely manner.     6. Individual will be a leader as it relates to the positive overall attitude of the project team. 7. Position will inspect approve all invoices for payment submitted by subcontractors if the work is done correctly, is complete and meets the definition of the subcontract agreement.  Invoices are to be approved in time to meet the company pay deadlines. 8. Responsible to work with and coordinate the company’s internal Construction Adherence Inspections and meet the expectations of said inspection as it relates to quality of construction and adherence to plans and specifications.  9. Position will interface with Project Manager and Field Administration and Sales as necessary to obtain and install the customer selections for each home.  10. Be knowledgeable of all NJ codes including BOCA and comply with all governmental regulations related to the construction of Multi-family buildings 11. Plan, conduct and attend meetings with the subcontractors. 12. Maintain good operating relationships with architects, engineers, subcontractors, other team-members, material suppliers, customers and inspectors. 13. Maintain a clean construction work site with adequate “on site” facilities. 14. Motivate the subcontractors to work in an approved safe manner with all appropriate safety equipment in place and being used.  15. Complete daily activity logs, inspection logs and other such reports as required.  16. Other duties as may be necessary."	[4 year college degree on site supervision of the construction of single family homes, apartments, 4 year college multifamily townhome attached for sale tract housing.townhome type units in tampa florida area.4 year college will initially pick up one site then 2 to 3 sites. 4 year college degree   position description  4 year college degree   general superintendent/ framing superintendent   reports to: project manager  position objective:  oversee the installation of the foundation and the framing operations                                      on the job site to the drywall completion stage of each building.                                      organize the work and coordinate the various complex aspects of the                                     construction process.     duties:  1. responsible to coordinate the construction activities to build the project according to the plans and specifications. 2. specific area of focus will be in the setting of grade for each building according to the approved plans, installing the foundations and overseeing the construction of the building up to the drywall stage. 3. responsible for scheduling all subcontractors and personnel necessary to construct the project through the drywall stage. 4. responsible to build the project on budget. 5. responsible to schedule and obtain all necessary inspections in such a manner that the areas of inspection are cleared to continue construction progress in a timely manner.     6. individual will be a leader as it relates to the positive overall attitude of the project team. 7. position will inspect approve all invoices for payment submitted by subcontractors if the work is done correctly, is complete and meets the definition of the subcontract agreement.  invoices are to be approved in time to meet the company pay deadlines. 8. responsible to work with and coordinate the company’s internal construction adherence inspections and meet the expectations of said inspection as it relates to quality of construction and adherence to plans and specifications.  9. position will interface with project manager and field administration and sales as necessary to obtain and install the customer selections for each home.  10. be knowledgeable of all nj codes including boca and comply with all governmental regulations related to the construction of multi-family buildings 11. plan, conduct and attend meetings with the subcontractors. 12. maintain good operating relationships with architects, engineers, subcontractors, other team-members, material suppliers, customers and inspectors. 13. maintain a clean construction work site with adequate “on site” facilities. 14. motivate the subcontractors to work in an approved safe manner with all appropriate safety equipment in place and being used.  15. complete daily activity logs, inspection logs and other such reports as required.  16. other duties as may be necessary.]	[11, 47]	[47]	47.13	Construction Supervisor	0.5747176	1	0	Construction Supervisor
v2	Maintenance Superintendent	"Major Corporation.  Supervises 30 welder/mechanics and 4 direct report crew chiefs.  Non union.  Plans schedules.  Knowledge of Heavy Industrial equipment and welding a plus, crushers, shakers, large motors, gear boxes, conveyors, budgets and modern maintenance technology, preventative maintenance.  Hispanic and female candidates encouraged to apply.  Reports to Maintenance Operating Manager.  Job Ref.: CAREERSHOP-"	[major corporation.  supervises 30 welder/mechanics and 4 direct report crew chiefs.  non union.  plans schedules.  knowledge of heavy industrial equipment and welding a plus, crushers, shakers, large motors, gear boxes, conveyors, budgets and modern maintenance technology, preventative maintenance.  hispanic and female candidates encouraged to apply.  reports to maintenance operating manager.  job ref.: careershop-]	[49, 47, 51, 11]	[49]	49.2	Maintenance Manager	1.0	1	0	Maintenance Manager
v2	Maintenance Technician	"Profession: Operations Specialties: General Maintenance Requires a min. of 5 years installing, repairing and servicing electrical generators, distribution and utilization equipment and systems.  Hospital experience preferred.  Clean DMV  Facility: Riverside Community Hospital"	[profession: operations specialties: general maintenance requires a min. of 5 years installing, repairing and servicing electrical generators, distribution and utilization equipment and systems.  hospital experience preferred.  clean dmv  facility: riverside community hospital]	[49, 31, 37]	[49]	49.3	Maintenance Technician	1.0	1	1	Maintenance Technician
v2	Maintenance Manager	Will manage maintenance department and supervise the shift crews in the repair and maintenance of equipment and machinery.	[will manage maintenance department and supervise the shift crews in the repair and maintenance of equipment and machinery.]	[49, 51, 47, 11]	[49]	49.2	Maintenance Manager	1.0	1	1	Maintenance Manager
v2	Facilities Maintenance Technician	The purpose of this position is to provide for the maintenance and repair of corporate facilities.	[the purpose of this position is to provide for the maintenance and repair of corporate facilities.]	[49]	[49]	49.22	Facility Maintenance Technician	1.0	1	0	Facility Maintenance Technician
v2	Journeyman Maintenance Technician	High school graduate. 5-7 years General Building Maintenance experience required. Supervisor experience desired. Associate degree in mechanical engineering desired. Experience with DDC systems desired. Certified in refrigerant handling and disposal requir	[high school graduate. 5-7 years general building maintenance experience required. supervisor experience desired. associate degree in mechanical engineering desired. experience with ddc systems desired. certified in refrigerant handling and disposal requir]	[49]	[49]	49.0	Maintenance Mechanic	0.84210527	1	0	Maintenance Technician
v2	Maintenance Supervisor	Qualified candidate will be responsible for direct supervision of four work groups and will also assign and monitor repair work.	[qualified candidate will be responsible for direct supervision of four work groups and will also assign and monitor repair work.]	[49]	[49]	49.2	Maintenance Manager	1.0	1	0	Maintenance Manager
v2	Facilities Maintenance Leader	"On April 16, 1964, Wawa Food Markets opened their first store in Folsom, PA. This store was an immediate success, and it marked the beginning of the Wawa chain of food markets. From the beginning, Wawa made a commitment to fresh food - selling fresh produce and featuring a full-service deli. Over the years, the food service offer has been expanded to meet customers' needs.  Today, the Wawa ""family"" has grown to include more than 13,000 associates with over 500 stores in five states.  The Facilities Maintenance Leader is responsible to the Store Manager for the interior/exterior store site and facility cleaning, maintenance and safety. The Maintenance Leader is a dedicated resource to the store management team to ensure cleaning maintenance tasks are completed with efficiency and consistency. He/she is also required to train/coach associates as they work to maintain a clean, safe interior/exterior store site."	[on april 16, 1964, wawa food markets opened their first store in folsom, pa. this store was an immediate success, and it marked the beginning of the wawa chain of food markets. from the beginning, wawa made a commitment to fresh food - selling fresh produce and featuring a full-service deli. over the years, the food service offer has been expanded to meet customers' needs.  today, the wawa family has grown to include more than 13,000 associates with over 500 stores in five states.  the facilities maintenance leader is responsible to the store manager for the interior/exterior store site and facility cleaning, maintenance and safety. the maintenance leader is a dedicated resource to the store management team to ensure cleaning maintenance tasks are completed with efficiency and consistency. he/she is also required to train/coach associates as they work to maintain a clean, safe interior/exterior store site.]	[49, 11]	[49]	49.10405	Maintenance Leader	1.0	1	0	Maintenance Leader
v2	Automobile Dealership Technician	"One of the premier automobile groups in the United States is seeking experienced line and lead automotive technicians to join their team.    <b><i>Top-notch technicians</i> interested in new opportunities and are <u>willing to relocate</u> to the Southwest are <i>needed now!</i></b> <hr> <hr> The dealer group offers <b>great benefits</b> and <b>excellent pay plans</b> commensurate with experience.  <i>Relocation reimbursement will be considered on a case-by-case basis.</i>  If you are <b>customer-focused</b> and enjoy working in a <b>positive environment</b>, then be sure to send your resume Susan E. Tims at tims_susan@msn.com or fax 972-485-0267.  Related terms: auto mechanic, automotive tech, car shop, car care"	[one of the premier automobile groups in the united states is seeking experienced line and lead automotive technicians to join their team.    <b><i>top-notch technicians</i> interested in new opportunities and are <u>willing to relocate</u> to the southwest are <i>needed now!</i></b> <hr> <hr> the dealer group offers <b>great benefits</b> and <b>excellent pay plans</b> commensurate with experience.  <i>relocation reimbursement will be considered on a case-by-case basis.</i>  if you are <b>customer-focused</b> and enjoy working in a <b>positive environment</b>, then be sure to send your resume susan e. tims at tims_susan@msn.com, fax 972-485-0267.  related terms: auto mechanic, automotive tech, car shop, car care]	[49]	[49]	49.30	Automotive Technician	0.8348964	1	0	Automotive Technician
v2	Maintenance Supervisor-San Bern	"Doane Pet Care, the world's largest manufacturer of private label pet food, is seeking an experienced Maintenance Supervisor for its San Bernardino Ca plant.   This person will have a wide range of responsibility for the overall up-keep of our facility. Some of those responsibilities include but are not limited to:  *Must be able to install, repair and maintain individual equipment <ul><li>machine and tool repair and installation </li><li>scheduling jobs </li><li>developand maintain strong preventative maintenance programs </li><li>inspecting equipment to make sure they are in compliance with standards </li><li>monitoring and preparing departmental budget </li><li>other duties as assigned </li></ul>"	[doane pet care, the world's largest manufacturer of private label pet food, is seeking an experienced maintenance supervisor for its san bernardino ca plant.   this person will have a wide range of responsibility for the overall up-keep of our facility. some of those responsibilities include but are not limited to:  *must be able to install, repair and maintain individual equipment <ul><li>machine and tool repair and installation </li><li>scheduling jobs </li><li>developand maintain strong preventative maintenance programs </li><li>inspecting equipment to make sure they are in compliance with standards </li><li>monitoring and preparing departmental budget </li><li>other duties as assigned </li></ul>]	[49, 11]	[49]	49.2	Maintenance Manager	1.0	1	0	Maintenance Manager
v2	Facilities Maintenance Mechanic	<b>POSITION SUMMARY:</i></b>                                                     Incumbent is responsible for performing repair and preventive maintenance tasks to maintain and upgrade the appearance of existing facilities.	[<b>position summary:</i></b>                                                     incumbent is responsible for performing repair and preventive maintenance tasks to maintain and upgrade the appearance of existing facilities.]	[49]	[49]	49.0	Maintenance Mechanic	1.0	1	0	Maintenance Mechanic
v2	MAINTENANCE TECHNICIAN (Plumbing)	"<b>SHIFT:</b> Days (Sat/Sun off)  <b>NATURE OF WORK:</b> Under general supervision, the purpose of the position is to perform a wide variety of installation, maintenance and repair work in one or more of the trade disciplines. Employees in this class function at journeyperson level, with demonstrated journeyperson skills. When assigned to a Corrections environment, incumbents may install and maintain highly sophisticated state-of-the-art systems designed to support effective and efficient corrections operations, e.g., security systems, lock-down systems, and communications systems. Incumbents perform essential functions as outlined herein according to functional area of assignment. Tasks involve the intermittent performance of physically demanding work, typically involving some combination of reaching, bending, stooping, climbing, kneeling, or crouching, and that may involve the lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling of moderately heavy objects and materials (20-50 pounds). Requires intermittent lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling of heavier objects (100+ pounds)."	[<b>shift:</b> days (sat/sun off)  <b>nature of work:</b> under general supervision, the purpose of the position is to perform a wide variety of installation, maintenance and repair work in one, more of the trade disciplines. employees in this class function at journeyperson level, with demonstrated journeyperson skills. when assigned to a corrections environment, incumbents may install and maintain highly sophisticated state-of-the-art systems designed to support effective and efficient corrections operations, e.g., security systems, lock-down systems, and communications systems. incumbents perform essential functions as outlined herein according to functional area of assignment. tasks involve the intermittent performance of physically demanding work, typically involving some combination of reaching, bending, stooping, climbing, kneeling,, crouching, and that may involve the lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling of moderately heavy objects and materials (20-50 pounds). requires intermittent lifting, carrying, pushing, and/or pulling of heavier objects (100+ pounds).]	[49]	[49]	49.3	Maintenance Technician	0.68883926	1	0	Maintenance Technician
v2	Commercial HVAC Field Technician	"The Trane Company is a worldwide manufacturer and supplier of central air conditioning systems, equipment, controls, service and parts for commercial, industrial and institutional buildings and a premier brand for residential air conditioning.  Today, The Trane Company works in over 60 countries, employs more than 27,000 and generates annual sales in excess of $4.8 billion.  Currently, The Trane Company is recruiting for commercial building automation technicians for nationwide opportunities.    Job Title:  Building Automation Systems (BAS) Field Technician  Location: Nationwide  The Trane Commercial BAS Technician is responsible for the programming, installation, diagnoses, and repair of environmental-comfort systems, utilizing knowledge of air conditioning theory, hydronic theory, and modern control techniques.    ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES include the following.  Other duties may be assigned.  „h Responsible for installing and servicing products and equipment on assigned projects and ensuring customer satisfaction. „h Uses a variety of hand tools, following blueprints or engineering specifications, to install, diagnose, repair, and program HVAC equipment. „h Identifies, analyzes, diagnoses and repairs instruments and products at a customer¡¦s location. „h Performs preventive maintenance, site surveys, replacement, and modifications as needed or requested by customers. „h Prepares for on-site installation and repairs by examining building layout, anticipating difficulties, gathering materials and coordinating on-site work, as necessary. „h Inspects vehicles by checking vehicle condition and literature supplies. „h Maintains equipment by inspecting for signs of wear (maladjustment, mis-calibration, malfunction, and drift).  „h Documents work by completing paperwork on each job and maintaining files. „h Represents company by serving as a direct customer contact. „h Supports HVAC Field Technicians by providing technical assistance and offering guidance. „h Provides training and follow-up training at a customer¡¦s site. „h Utilizes project plans to prioritize and schedule work sequences. „h Determines parts to order for repairs and timeliness of need. „h Provides technical support to customers. „h Regular travel requirements with occasional overnight travel. „h Flexibility to work overtime/weekends, as required."	[the trane company is a worldwide manufacturer and supplier of central air conditioning systems, equipment, controls, service and parts for commercial, industrial and institutional buildings and a premier brand for residential air conditioning.  today, the trane company works in over 60 countries, employs more than 27,000 and generates annual sales in excess of $4.8 billion.  currently, the trane company is recruiting for commercial building automation technicians for nationwide opportunities.    job title:  building automation systems (bas) field technician  location: nationwide  the trane commercial bas technician is responsible for the programming, installation, diagnoses, and repair of environmental-comfort systems, utilizing knowledge of air conditioning theory, hydronic theory, and modern control techniques.    essential duties and responsibilities include the following.  other duties may be assigned.  „h responsible for installing and servicing products and equipment on assigned projects and ensuring customer satisfaction. „h uses a variety of hand tools, following blueprints, engineering specifications, to install, diagnose, repair, and program hvac equipment. „h identifies, analyzes, diagnoses and repairs instruments and products at a customer¡¦s location. „h performs preventive maintenance, site surveys, replacement, and modifications as needed, requested by customers. „h prepares for on-site installation and repairs by examining building layout, anticipating difficulties, gathering materials and coordinating on-site work, as necessary. „h inspects vehicles by checking vehicle condition and literature supplies. „h maintains equipment by inspecting for signs of wear (maladjustment, mis-calibration, malfunction, and drift).  „h documents work by completing paperwork on each job and maintaining files. „h represents company by serving as a direct customer contact. „h supports hvac field technicians by providing technical assistance and offering guidance. „h provides training and follow-up training at a customer¡¦s site. „h utilizes project plans to prioritize and schedule work sequences. „h determines parts to order for repairs and timeliness of need. „h provides technical support to customers. „h regular travel requirements with occasional overnight travel. „h flexibility to work overtime/weekends, as required.]	[49]	[49]	49.10	HVAC Service Technician	0.29424167	1	0	HVAC Service Technician
v2	Maintenance Supervisor - Million Square Feet!	"Looking for a career with a great company with a bright future?  That’s Dollar General!  Dollar General, is a fast-paced growth Fortune 500 company with more than 6,000 stores strong in 27 states supported by distribution centers in Florida, Oklahoma, Mississippi, Missouri, Kentucky, Virginia and Ohio. Others are on the planning board right now. We’re looking for experienced, energetic supervisors who can think outside the box to lead employees in our state-of-the-art distribution center. We are committed to building our company with upbeat, talented, motivated persons of character and integrity who will move us toward our mission of ""Serving Others.""  This is a 2nd shift position and has 24/7 on-call responsibility. We recognize that an effective preventive maintenance program is critical to achieving maximum flow of product.  This position is responsible for maintenance supervision of the second shift, and reports to the Maintenance Manager. You’ll perform maintenance and supervise maintenance personnel to maintain maximum facility and equipment efficiency.  -    Responsibility for maintenance of mechanical, electrical, electronic and computer equipment as necessary and as directed by the Maintenance Manager. These include high-tech sortation / automated laser scanners, Automated Control Systems and Software, materials handling equipment, HVAC, welding equipment, rolling stock, security systems, plant infrastructure, as well as building and grounds maintenance.  Compensation will consist of a competitive salary based on your experience, a generous bonus potential, and an exciting stock option program.    Our benefits package:  Health, dental, vision and life insurance  Long term disability  Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance  Company matched 401(k)  100% tuition reimbursement  Paid vacation  Fun, values centered work atmosphere  Corporate casual dress.   Dollar General is an equal opportunity employer."	[looking for a career with a great company with a bright future?  that’s dollar general!  dollar general, is a fast-paced growth fortune 500 company with more than 6,000 stores strong in 27 states supported by distribution centers in florida, oklahoma, mississippi, missouri, kentucky, virginia and ohio. others are on the planning board right now. we’re looking for experienced, energetic supervisors who can think outside the box to lead employees in our state-of-the-art distribution center. we are committed to building our company with upbeat, talented, motivated persons of character and integrity who will move us toward our mission of serving others.  this is a 2nd shift position and has 24/7 on-call responsibility. we recognize that an effective preventive maintenance program is critical to achieving maximum flow of product.  this position is responsible for maintenance supervision of the second shift, and reports to the maintenance manager. you’ll perform maintenance and supervise maintenance personnel to maintain maximum facility and equipment efficiency.  -    responsibility for maintenance of mechanical, electrical, electronic and computer equipment as necessary and as directed by the maintenance manager. these include high-tech sortation / automated laser scanners, automated control systems and software, materials handling equipment, hvac, welding equipment, rolling stock, security systems, plant infrastructure, as well as building and grounds maintenance.  compensation will consist of a competitive salary based on your experience, a generous bonus potential, and an exciting stock option program.    our benefits package:  health, dental, vision and life insurance  long term disability  accidental death and dismemberment insurance  company matched 401(k)  100% tuition reimbursement  paid vacation  fun, values centered work atmosphere  corporate casual dress.   dollar general is an equal opportunity employer.]	[49, 11]	[49]	49.2	Maintenance Manager	1.0	1	0	Maintenance Manager
v2	Automotive Technicians	JOIN US an INDUSTRY LEADER!  As a Technician at Firestone you will be part an elite and experienced vehicle service team. Where there are no limitations on how far you can go and grow.  Bridgestone/Firestone Offers:  Ongoing Education and Training Opportunities for Advancement Competitive Compensation Comprehensive Benefits Package	[join us an industry leader!  as a technician at firestone you will be part an elite and experienced vehicle service team. where there are no limitations on how far you can go and grow.  bridgestone/firestone offers:  ongoing education and training opportunities for advancement competitive compensation comprehensive benefits package]	[49]	[49]	49.30	Automotive Technician	1.0	1	0	Automotive Technician
v2	Technical Printing Coordinator	"Multinational, multibillion dollar corporation with US manufacturing in North Dallas is searching for a Technical Printing Coordinator. Candidate should have the following background:  Color Management: &#61607; Optimize print to proof correlation. &#61607; Optimize flexo color approach balancing both production efficiency and customer satisfaction. &#61607; Directly Manage Pre-Press Vendors color quality. &#61607; Report of Pre-Press Vendor color performance weekly. &#61607; Support press monitoring systems (AVT and X-Rite). &#61607; Assist production with printing PM. &#61607; Assist Production Supervisors and crews in developing and maintaining print consistency and repeatability programs. &#61607; Work with Pre-Press Specialists and Pre-Press Supervisor on color expectations and quality.  Prepare and conduct training seminars: &#61607; Prepare and deliver expectation presentations for our customers. &#61607; Develop training on press to proof expectations and limitations. &#61607; Provide support to Commercial and Customer Services with customer presentations and printing questions. &#61607; Conduct printing training classes for employees. &#61607; Give expectation and training seminars to pre-press vendors   Special Project: &#61607; Assist Pre-Press and Printing by researching production and process improvements. &#61607; Provide feasibility studies (Cost/Benefit) on printing and pre-press initiatives. &#61607; Research all viable options. &#61607; Define extensive implementation plan. &#61607; Form appropriate project group that will help facilitate a successful decision and implementation. &#61607; Prepare reports that will be forward to the department and the Printing Process Manager. &#61607; Current Projects: AVT X-Rite CDI Sleeve Technology  Viscosity Control (Automaton)  Time and cost study of dph vs hos plating    Determine best raw plate size                  Determine cost based on size/# of colors,labor, materials/etc   Production and quality support: &#61607; Work with Pre-Press Supervisor, Production Supervisor and Customer Service Manager on ensuring production support for press checks and color approvals. &#61607; Work with Quality Engineer and Production Supervisors on customer concerns. &#61607; Work with production and pre-press supervisor on implementing process improvements. &#61607; Assist in the integration if new equipment, processes and technologies between printing and pre-press."	[multinational, multibillion dollar corporation with us manufacturing in north dallas is searching for a technical printing coordinator. candidate should have the following background:  color management: &#61607; optimize print to proof correlation. &#61607; optimize flexo color approach balancing both production efficiency and customer satisfaction. &#61607; directly manage pre-press vendors color quality. &#61607; report of pre-press vendor color performance weekly. &#61607; support press monitoring systems (avt and x-rite). &#61607; assist production with printing pm. &#61607; assist production supervisors and crews in developing and maintaining print consistency and repeatability programs. &#61607; work with pre-press specialists and pre-press supervisor on color expectations and quality.  prepare and conduct training seminars: &#61607; prepare and deliver expectation presentations for our customers. &#61607; develop training on press to proof expectations and limitations. &#61607; provide support to commercial and customer services with customer presentations and printing questions. &#61607; conduct printing training classes for employees. &#61607; give expectation and training seminars to pre-press vendors   special project: &#61607; assist pre-press and printing by researching production and process improvements. &#61607; provide feasibility studies (cost/benefit) on printing and pre-press initiatives. &#61607; research all viable options. &#61607; define extensive implementation plan. &#61607; form appropriate project group that will help facilitate a successful decision and implementation. &#61607; prepare reports that will be forward to the department and the printing process manager. &#61607; current projects: avt x-rite cdi sleeve technology  viscosity control (automaton)  time and cost study of dph vs hos plating    determine best raw plate size                  determine cost based on size/# of colors,labor, materials/etc   production and quality support: &#61607; work with pre-press supervisor, production supervisor and customer service manager on ensuring production support for press checks and color approvals. &#61607; work with quality engineer and production supervisors on customer concerns. &#61607; work with production and pre-press supervisor on implementing process improvements. &#61607; assist in the integration if new equipment, processes and technologies between printing and pre-press.]	[51, 11]	[51]	51.50	Production Coordinator	1.0	1	0	Production Coordinator
v2	Line Manager	"Reference Code:  HH-9810-TN Placement:  Permanent Job Title:  Line Manager Benefits:  Employee Package + Relocation Package Location:  McKenzie, TN Salary Range:  $ 50K-$56K (BOE) Education: BS degree in Industrial Engineering or  Mechanical Engineering Citizenship:  U.S., Canadian or Green Card (Permanent Resident) Clearance Level: N/A  DESCRIPTION:   3+ years of experience in New Product/Process development and manufacturing, in a Supervisory and/or Management capacity.  ISO/QS 9000 experience/knowledge, continuous improvement skills, assembly line processes, self-direct work teams, powder coating painting systems, fabrication and welding and Just-In-Time, KanBan, Lean Manufacturing, and Cellular Manufacturing.  Data Collection and Analysis.    THIS IS A 2ND SHIFT POSITION!"	[reference code:  hh-9810-tn placement:  permanent job title:  line manager benefits:  employee package + relocation package location:  mckenzie, tn salary range:  $ 50k-$56k (boe) education: bs degree in industrial engineering, mechanical engineering citizenship:  u.s., canadian, green card (permanent resident) clearance level: n/a  description:   3+ years of experience in new product/process development and manufacturing, in a supervisory and/or management capacity.  iso/qs 9000 experience/knowledge, continuous improvement skills, assembly line processes, self-direct work teams, powder coating painting systems, fabrication and welding and just-in-time, kanban, lean manufacturing, and cellular manufacturing.  data collection and analysis.    this is a 2nd shift position!]	[51, 11]	[51]	51.11	Production Manager	0.5914055	1	0	Line Supervisor OR Production Manager
v2	Metal Fabrication Superintendent	"Responsible for managing 2 shift operation, 5 supervisors, 5 staff and a total manpower of 65 people. Responsible for supplying parts for 5 assembly lines.  Scheduling is manual / Shop Floor Control - MRP Equipment: Bending Brakes / Power Presses, Finn Power Night Train Pullmax & Toyokoki brakes"	[responsible for managing 2 shift operation, 5 supervisors, 5 staff and a total manpower of 65 people. responsible for supplying parts for 5 assembly lines.  scheduling is manual / shop floor control - mrp equipment: bending brakes / power presses, finn power night train pullmax & toyokoki brakes]	[51, 11]	[51]	51.57	Fabricator	1.0	1	0	Superintendent
v2	Finishing Manager	"<b>About the Position:</b>  This major printer located in IN has an immediate need in their packaging division for a Finishing Manager.    This person will manage a three shift department, determine training needs, establish a training program, will be responsible for quality issues and oversee new equipment setups and monitor setup times.   Must have hands-on experience with Bobst or Jagenberg equipment. Will consider other straightline gluing equipment experience.   Must be very technically sound and have prior supervisory and Gluing Operator training experience.   Excellent benefits and relocation package. Salary Range $50,000.00-$65,000.00   <b>About Miller & Associates, Inc:</b>  We recruit for the Folding Carton, Label and Printing Industries on a nationwide basis, with Six offices located throughout the United States.  Our company clients consist of national industry leaders, integrated and independents seeking the best possible talent in the sales, production, technical and administration areas.  We work with individuals and company clients in a discreet, confidential manner.   There is no cost or obligation to the individual. Company clients pay our fee and also pay interview and relocation costs.  <b>The Leader for 21 Years in Recruiting for the Folding Carton, Label and Printing Industry.</b>  <li>General Managers/Plant Managers  <li>Sales Managers/Sales Representatives  <li>Structural Designers  <li>Printing/Cutting/Finishing Managers  <li>Gluing Operators  <li>Die Makers  <li>Schedulers/Planners/Estimators  <li>Electronic/Conventional Pre-Press  <li>Offset/Flexo/Gravure/Pressmen  <li>Die Cutting Operators  <li>Customer Service Representatives    <i>Call today for more information about how Miller & Associates, Inc. can help with your career and recruiting needs.</i>"	[<b>about the position:</b>  this major printer located in in has an immediate need in their packaging division for a finishing manager.    this person will manage a three shift department, determine training needs, establish a training program, will be responsible for quality issues and oversee new equipment setups and monitor setup times.   must have hands-on experience with bobst, jagenberg equipment. will consider other straightline gluing equipment experience.   must be very technically sound and have prior supervisory and gluing operator training experience.   excellent benefits and relocation package. salary range $50,000.00-$65,000.00   <b>about miller & associates, inc:</b>  we recruit for the folding carton, label and printing industries on a nationwide basis, with six offices located throughout the united states.  our company clients consist of national industry leaders, integrated and independents seeking the best possible talent in the sales, production, technical and administration areas.  we work with individuals and company clients in a discreet, confidential manner.   there is no cost, obligation to the individual. company clients pay our fee and also pay interview and relocation costs.  <b>the leader for 21 years in recruiting for the folding carton, label and printing industry.</b>  <li>general managers/plant managers  <li>sales managers/sales representatives  <li>structural designers  <li>printing/cutting/finishing managers  <li>gluing operators  <li>die makers  <li>schedulers/planners/estimators  <li>electronic/conventional pre-press  <li>offset/flexo/gravure/pressmen  <li>die cutting operators  <li>customer service representatives    <i>call today for more information about how miller & associates, inc. can help with your career and recruiting needs.</i>]	[51, 11]	[51]	51.146	Finishing Operator	1.0	1	0	"""Finishing Manager"" "
v2	Machine Shop Manager	"The Lucht division of Sienna Imaging, Inc. is looking for an experienced machine shop manager to direct all aspects of machine and sheet metal fabrication. The successful candidate will oversee a staff of 19 employees. Sienna Imaging, Inc. is a manufacturer of digital and optical high tech equipment for the professional photographic and graphic arts industries. If you have management and machining experience and skills, here is your opportunity to join an exciting, growth-oriented organization. We offer a competitive salary and excellent benefits package including 401 (k)."	[the lucht division of sienna imaging, inc. is looking for an experienced machine shop manager to direct all aspects of machine and sheet metal fabrication. the successful candidate will oversee a staff of 19 employees. sienna imaging, inc. is a manufacturer of digital and optical high tech equipment for the professional photographic and graphic arts industries. if you have management and machining experience and skills, here is your opportunity to join an exciting, growth-oriented organization. we offer a competitive salary and excellent benefits package including 401 (k).]	[51, 49, 41, 11]	[51]	51.61	Shop Supervisor	1.0	1	0	Shop Supervisor
v2	Production Lead	"We are a leading edge trade printer in the promotional products industry.  The production lead assigns daily tasks in printing and assembly/bindery production areas; ensures that the work schedule is maintained; monitors progress of employees and production; and, operates machines and presses and works on assembly lines as needed."	[we are a leading edge trade printer in the promotional products industry.  the production lead assigns daily tasks in printing and assembly/bindery production areas; ensures that the work schedule is maintained; monitors progress of employees and production; and, operates machines and presses and works on assembly lines as needed.]	[51, 11]	[51]	51.29	Production Leader	1.0	1	0	Production Leader
v2	Operations Supervisor	"GENERAL SUMMARY: Directs daily operational activities to conform to Caliber site management and customer requirements. Works closely with other branch employees to ensure customer satisfaction and efficient branch operations. Generates operational reports used in assessing effectiveness of branch revenue operations. Prioritizes workload as necessary. Responsible for supervising a team of up to15 non-exempt employees plus temporaries. Directs the daily operational activities to ensure all Caliber and client established objectives are met. Responsible for communicating shift activity to Operations Manager. Responsible for managing shift personnel relations, team building, training, and the performance review process. Accountable for safety and good housekeeping within Caliber and client guidelines. Complexity of responsibility may supercede staffing for grade placement.  PRINCIPAL RESPONSIBILITIES: Schedule and guide direct labor and temporary personnel job assignments to meet client demands. Responsible to attend, participate and share information in site staff meetings. Responsible for shipping and receiving functions including accurate and timely documentation, data entry, product identification, and stocking processes. Accountable for managing daily inventory cycle counting, reconciling adjustments, system-generated reports and inventory reconciliation. Report maintenance issues regarding guiding and material handling equipment. Communicate at shift change and exchange information related to the day's activities requiring ongoing attention with operations Supervisor. Responsible for the guidelines set forth in Caliber safety handbook and ongoing training for those guidelines. Responsible for accurate data completion and accuracy. Responsible for maintaining a positive work environment and fostering team concepts. Responsible for timely performance reviews and disciplinary documentation as required. Audits and advises employees on outgoing distribution activities to ensure accuracy, completeness, and condition of workload. Issues written and oral instructions. Assists in continuous staff training and growth. Compiles and analyzes data and prepares reports. Leads or participates in special projects as assigned by Operations Manager. Any other related duties as assigned by management.   EOE"	[general summary: directs daily operational activities to conform to caliber site management and customer requirements. works closely with other branch employees to ensure customer satisfaction and efficient branch operations. generates operational reports used in assessing effectiveness of branch revenue operations. prioritizes workload as necessary. responsible for supervising a team of up to15 non-exempt employees plus temporaries. directs the daily operational activities to ensure all caliber and client established objectives are met. responsible for communicating shift activity to operations manager. responsible for managing shift personnel relations, team building, training, and the performance review process. accountable for safety and good housekeeping within caliber and client guidelines. complexity of responsibility may supercede staffing for grade placement.  principal responsibilities: schedule and guide direct labor and temporary personnel job assignments to meet client demands. responsible to attend, participate and share information in site staff meetings. responsible for shipping and receiving functions including accurate and timely documentation, data entry, product identification, and stocking processes. accountable for managing daily inventory cycle counting, reconciling adjustments, system-generated reports and inventory reconciliation. report maintenance issues regarding guiding and material handling equipment. communicate at shift change and exchange information related to the day's activities requiring ongoing attention with operations supervisor. responsible for the guidelines set forth in caliber safety handbook and ongoing training for those guidelines. responsible for accurate data completion and accuracy. responsible for maintaining a positive work environment and fostering team concepts. responsible for timely performance reviews and disciplinary documentation as required. audits and advises employees on outgoing distribution activities to ensure accuracy, completeness, and condition of workload. issues written and oral instructions. assists in continuous staff training and growth. compiles and analyzes data and prepares reports. leads, participates in special projects as assigned by operations manager. any other related duties as assigned by management.   eoe]	[51, 11]	[51]	51.16	Operations Supervisor	1.0	1	1	Operations Supervisor
v2	Production Manager	"Production Manager Will oversee the welding/assembly operation. Metal stamping ""Class A"" surfaces for the automotive industry. Sheet metal assembly background. Knowledge of resistance welding. Manufacturer of large parts such as hoods, fenders, body panels. Education BS in Mechanical Engineering or Journeyman Toolmaker. At least 5 years experience in a metal stamping management position with ""Class A"" surfaces. Salary Range up to mid $70's TWO REQUIRED – Location: Alabama (1); Michigan (1)"	[production manager will oversee the welding/assembly operation. metal stamping class a surfaces for the automotive industry. sheet metal assembly background. knowledge of resistance welding. manufacturer of large parts such as hoods, fenders, body panels. education bs in mechanical engineering, journeyman toolmaker. at least 5 years experience in a metal stamping management position with class a surfaces. salary range up to mid $70's two required – location: alabama (1); michigan (1)]	[11, 51]	[51]	51.11	Production Manager	1.0	1	1	Production Manager
v2	Production Manager	"Production Manager Will oversee the welding/assembly operation. Metal stamping ""Class A"" surfaces for the automotive industry. Sheet metal assembly background. Knowledge of resistance welding. Manufacturer of large parts such as hoods, fenders, body panels. Education BS in Mechanical Engineering or Journeyman Toolmaker. At least 5 years experience in a metal stamping management position with ""Class A"" surfaces. Salary Range up to mid $70's TWO REQUIRED – Location: Alabama (1); Michigan (1)"	[production manager will oversee the welding/assembly operation. metal stamping class a surfaces for the automotive industry. sheet metal assembly background. knowledge of resistance welding. manufacturer of large parts such as hoods, fenders, body panels. education bs in mechanical engineering, journeyman toolmaker. at least 5 years experience in a metal stamping management position with class a surfaces. salary range up to mid $70's two required – location: alabama (1); michigan (1)]	[11, 51]	[51]	51.11	Production Manager	1.0	1	1	Production Manager
v2	Distribution Center Supervisor	"Immediate opening in Zanesville, Ohio for a Distribution Center Supervisor! This is a brand new state-of-the-art million sf + facility and will have many supervisory positions opening up soon!  Dollar General Corporation is the fastest growing discount retailer in the country.  Our planned expansion rate of over 600 new stores this year creates abundant opportunities for your growth!  We are looking for values-centered team players with a commitment to development and a proven track record of success to join our company.  We need an energetic person who can think outside the box, to lead nonunion employees at a distribution center that employs over 400 persons. Specific job duties will consist of supervising approximately 20 persons operating in various material handling capacities, using state-of-the-art technology such as RF scanners, pick-to-light, conveyors, high-speed sortation, and an automated Warehouse Management System (WMS).  Compensation will consist of a competitive salary based on your experience, a generous bonus plan and a very lucrative stock option program.  Our benefits package:  Health, dental and life insurance Long term disability Accidental Death and Dismemberment insurance Company matched 401(k) 100% tuition reimbursement Paid vacation and personal time Fun, values centered work atmosphere Corporate casual dress.    Visit our web site for more information about this exciting company.  Dollar General is an equal opportunity employer and values a culturally diverse work force."	[immediate opening in zanesville, ohio for a distribution center supervisor! this is a brand new state-of-the-art million sf + facility and will have many supervisory positions opening up soon!  dollar general corporation is the fastest growing discount retailer in the country.  our planned expansion rate of over 600 new stores this year creates abundant opportunities for your growth!  we are looking for values-centered team players with a commitment to development and a proven track record of success to join our company.  we need an energetic person who can think outside the box, to lead nonunion employees at a distribution center that employs over 400 persons. specific job duties will consist of supervising approximately 20 persons operating in various material handling capacities, using state-of-the-art technology such as rf scanners, pick-to-light, conveyors, high-speed sortation, and an automated warehouse management system (wms).  compensation will consist of a competitive salary based on your experience, a generous bonus plan and a very lucrative stock option program.  our benefits package:  health, dental and life insurance long term disability accidental death and dismemberment insurance company matched 401(k) 100% tuition reimbursement paid vacation and personal time fun, values centered work atmosphere corporate casual dress.    visit our web site for more information about this exciting company.  dollar general is an equal opportunity employer and values a culturally diverse work force.]	[53, 11]	[53]	53.46	Distribution Center Supervisor	0.99067485	1	1	Distribution Supervisor
v2	Driver	"S.P. Richards Co., a national wholesale business products distributor, has an immediate opening for a Nighttime Delivery Driver at our Middletown, NY facility.  The delivery area is Manhattan, Northern New Jersey, Northeast PA, and Hudson Valley.  Applicants should possess a safe driving record, as well as general warehouse skills.  A class A CDL preferred.  Must have a class B license.    SPR employees enjoy a comprehensive benefits program as part of Genuine Parts Company. S.P. Richards Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer."	[s.p. richards co., a national wholesale business products distributor, has an immediate opening for a nighttime delivery driver at our middletown, ny facility.  the delivery area is manhattan, northern new jersey, northeast pa, and hudson valley.  applicants should possess a safe driving record, as well as general warehouse skills.  a class a cdl preferred.  must have a class b license.    spr employees enjoy a comprehensive benefits program as part of genuine parts company. s.p. richards company is an equal opportunity employer.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Warehouse Workers Needed !	"Warehouse worker needed with 1 year forklift experience.  Full time position, Monday - Friday, 8-5.   Starting pay at $8.50hr.  Call Debbie @ 954-791-8448."	[warehouse worker needed with 1 year forklift experience.  full time position, monday - friday, 8-5.   starting pay at $8.50hr.  call debbie @ 954-791-8448.]	[53]	[53]	53.5	Warehouse Worker	1.0	1	0	Warehouse Worker
v2	Executive Chauffeur	"Telecommunications company seeking personal chauffeur for our CEO and his family.  The company will provide car, during work-hours.    Most of the driving will be in and around the NYC/NJ area, and occasionally to our corporate office in Bethlehem, PA.  Over the summer, position will require transportation to and from The Hampton's on the weekends.    Chauffer will be on-call and available 24/7, however primary hours will be evenings and weekends.  This is presently a part-time position however, may lead to a permanent position."	[telecommunications company seeking personal chauffeur for our ceo and his family.  the company will provide car, during work-hours.    most of the driving will be in and around the nyc/nj area, and occasionally to our corporate office in bethlehem, pa.  over the summer, position will require transportation to and from the hampton's on the weekends.    chauffer will be on-call and available 24/7, however primary hours will be evenings and weekends.  this is presently a part-time position however, may lead to a permanent position.]	[53]	[53]	53.11318	Chauffeur	1.0	1	0	Chauffeur
v2	Bus Driver	"Under the direct supervision of the Transportation Supervisor, the incumbent will drive and/or ride school bus, minibus, van, lightweight truck or four wheel drive to transport tribal children, tribal members, tribal elders and employees.  May drive a bus for a chartered overnight trip."	[under the direct supervision of the transportation supervisor, the incumbent will drive and/or ride school bus, minibus, van, lightweight truck, four wheel drive to transport tribal children, tribal members, tribal elders and employees.  may drive a bus for a chartered overnight trip.]	[53]	[53]	53.9	Bus Driver	1.0	1	1	Bus Driver
v2	Delivery Driver (RX & Floral)	"<b>Right Store... Right Price... <u>Right People</u></b>  Dillons has always believed in offering each individual associate the opportunity for advancement based upon company needs, and the individual's ability & desire. We promote from within whenever possible, in an atmosphere of equal opportunity for all associates. Our system is a fair one, and it offers many ways to progress and advance at Dillons.  Realizing that satisfied associates will in turn create satisfied customers, we offer various employee benefits that have helped create the best possible working conditions. The compensation package at Dillons compares favorably to what is offered by other retailers in each market area.   Essential Functions or Responsibilities: 1.  Deliver customers' orders safely, quickly, and cheerfully. 2.  Help keep the parking lot clean and free from litter. 3.  Accept payments and keep proper charge account documentation. 4.  Maintain delivery vehicle in safe, fueled, clean condition. 5.  Keep vehicle maintenance records. 6.  Provide good customer and associate relations. 7.  Make clean, neat, and friendly impression on customers. 8.  Perform any and all duties as assigned."	[<b>right store... right price... <u>right people</u></b>  dillons has always believed in offering each individual associate the opportunity for advancement based upon company needs, and the individual's ability & desire. we promote from within whenever possible, in an atmosphere of equal opportunity for all associates. our system is a fair one, and it offers many ways to progress and advance at dillons.  realizing that satisfied associates will in turn create satisfied customers, we offer various employee benefits that have helped create the best possible working conditions. the compensation package at dillons compares favorably to what is offered by other retailers in each market area.   essential functions, responsibilities: 1.  deliver customers' orders safely, quickly, and cheerfully. 2.  help keep the parking lot clean and free from litter. 3.  accept payments and keep proper charge account documentation. 4.  maintain delivery vehicle in safe, fueled, clean condition. 5.  keep vehicle maintenance records. 6.  provide good customer and associate relations. 7.  make clean, neat, and friendly impression on customers. 8.  perform any and all duties as assigned.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Support Services Courier Transportation Services	"Live Life. Work Virtua. Just because you work, doesn't mean that work is your life. What it does mean is that finding a job that fits your life is a very good thing. If you believe that you can do more, find a work environment where people will support you in that, then discover your potential-with a job at Virtua Health. We are located approximately 15-20 miles east of Philadelphia, PA; 100 miles north of Washington D.C. and 100 miles south of New York City.  The Transportation Services department currently has a part-time (16hrs/wk dayshift every Saturday and Sunday) Support Services Courier."	[live life. work virtua. just because you work, doesn't mean that work is your life. what it does mean is that finding a job that fits your life is a very good thing. if you believe that you can do more, find a work environment where people will support you in that, then discover your potential-with a job at virtua health. we are located approximately 15-20 miles east of philadelphia, pa; 100 miles north of washington d.c. and 100 miles south of new york city.  the transportation services department currently has a part-time (16hrs/wk dayshift every saturday and sunday) support services courier.]	[53]	[53]	53.30	Transportation Manager	0.34095213	1	0	Courier
v2	Senior Transportation Manager	"Purpose of Position:  Oversee and direct transportation of freight for Industrial Bulk Chemical Division.  Responsible for the outbound distribution of EOEG division located in Bayport, TX location.  Procurement of transportation services for the movement of liquid bulk products shipping via rail and  motor.  Continued development of carrier base and transportation procedures.  The position requires continuous monitoring of activity to maximize service, while reducing cost.  1. Strategic management and planning of the leased tank car fleet.  Negotiate and administer tank car lease agreements including fleet maintenance, commodity approval and inspection process.  Resolve mechanical failure problems on tank cars.    2 Directly supervise (2) employees: Evaluate performance, and assign responsibilities.  Develop employee skills through leadership, training and challenging project assignments.  3 Maintain OWI hazardous material compliance program that includes basic training for internal personnel.    4 Continue to develop and update carrier base to meet customer and vendor shipping requirements for liquid bulk, tank car and truck shipments.  5 Preparation of freight cost analysis’ and implementation of customer specific programs.  6 Issue truck routing guide to terminal, listing the order of carrier selection by destination.  Provide assistance in carrier procurement.  7 Quote freight expense to sales and purchasing for new or potential business.  Coordinate with sales/customer service the specific customer notes to be included with customer master file, insuring that a cost quotes are protected.  8 Issue hazardous material shipping requirements to terminal, reflecting the commodities listed as  hazardous by federal regulations.  The instructions must include proper shipping name, hazard, class, package group, placarding instructions, approved package type marking on packages, and allowable storage and quantity sizes by mode of transportation.  9 Monitoring of shipment activities.  Assist terminal in procurement of equipment.    10 Negotiate competitive rates with all service providers.  11 Implementation of NACD certification for new carriers.  12 Provide rail routing and publication for all customer destination locations, including collect orders.  13 Railcar tracing, expediting and planning; including quarterly fleet utilization report and fleet positioning.  Interfacing with rail carriers and terminal.  (300 tank cars).    14 Maintain rail rate file.    15 Maintain tank car files; including tank car maintenance records, approvals and inspection reports.  Including interface with tank car leasing company’s on tank car test requirements.    16 Interface with third party management company on administration services including ad valorem taxes, mileage, railroad repair bills, etc.  17 Interface with railcar repair companies on estimates, actual costs, and perform cost/benefit analysis on tank car repairs.  Including Continuing execution of re-stencil program in the most timely manner.  18 Interface with tank car storage companies on relocation of equipment.  19 Implement program on tank car regulatory compliance including tank car testing and valve maintenance."	[purpose of position:  oversee and direct transportation of freight for industrial bulk chemical division.  responsible for the outbound distribution of eoeg division located in bayport, tx location.  procurement of transportation services for the movement of liquid bulk products shipping via rail and  motor.  continued development of carrier base and transportation procedures.  the position requires continuous monitoring of activity to maximize service, while reducing cost.  1. strategic management and planning of the leased tank car fleet.  negotiate and administer tank car lease agreements including fleet maintenance, commodity approval and inspection process.  resolve mechanical failure problems on tank cars.    2 directly supervise (2) employees: evaluate performance, and assign responsibilities.  develop employee skills through leadership, training and challenging project assignments.  3 maintain owi hazardous material compliance program that includes basic training for internal personnel.    4 continue to develop and update carrier base to meet customer and vendor shipping requirements for liquid bulk, tank car and truck shipments.  5 preparation of freight cost analysis’ and implementation of customer specific programs.  6 issue truck routing guide to terminal, listing the order of carrier selection by destination.  provide assistance in carrier procurement.  7 quote freight expense to sales and purchasing for new, potential business.  coordinate with sales/customer service the specific customer notes to be included with customer master file, insuring that a cost quotes are protected.  8 issue hazardous material shipping requirements to terminal, reflecting the commodities listed as  hazardous by federal regulations.  the instructions must include proper shipping name, hazard, class, package group, placarding instructions, approved package type marking on packages, and allowable storage and quantity sizes by mode of transportation.  9 monitoring of shipment activities.  assist terminal in procurement of equipment.    10 negotiate competitive rates with all service providers.  11 implementation of nacd certification for new carriers.  12 provide rail routing and publication for all customer destination locations, including collect orders.  13 railcar tracing, expediting and planning; including quarterly fleet utilization report and fleet positioning.  interfacing with rail carriers and terminal.  (300 tank cars).    14 maintain rail rate file.    15 maintain tank car files; including tank car maintenance records, approvals and inspection reports.  including interface with tank car leasing company’s on tank car test requirements.    16 interface with third party management company on administration services including ad valorem taxes, mileage, railroad repair bills, etc.  17 interface with railcar repair companies on estimates, actual costs, and perform cost/benefit analysis on tank car repairs.  including continuing execution of re-stencil program in the most timely manner.  18 interface with tank car storage companies on relocation of equipment.  19 implement program on tank car regulatory compliance including tank car testing and valve maintenance.]	[11, 53]	[53]	53.30	Transportation Manager	1.0	1	0	Transportation Manager
v2	PACKAGE HANDLER	"Rated the <b>World’s Most Admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>6 years in a row </i></u> by Fortune Magazine…Rated <b>America’s Most Admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>21 years in a row </i></u> by Fortune Magazine…Top ranked company in the world with regards to <b>financial soundness</b>…Whether you are looking for a professional career or a part time position to pay for college, <b>UPS</b> is right for you.  We are currently accepting applications for <b>Part Time Package Handlers</b> working approximately <b>20 hours per week</b> loading or unloading vehicles.  This is a very physical, fast-paced job requiring heavy lifting. (see requirements for the essential job functions.)  We are currently seeking employees for the following shifts:  <b>Preload Shift:  Monday - Friday 4:00am-9:00amTwilight Shift:  Monday - Friday 6:00pm-10:00pm</b>  In exchange for their hard work, UPS package handlers <b>earn $8.50 - $9.50</b> per hour with a <b>$.50/hour raise after 90 days</b>. <u><i>Part-Time employees</u></i> also receive <b>full medical, dental and vision insurance covering the employee and family</b>. Additional benefits include 401(k), Discounted Stock Purchase Plan, weekends off, employee discounts, and promotion opportunity.  <b>UPS</b>, which has built one of the world’s best known brands, operates in more than 200 countries and territories around the world with over 370,000 employees  UPS is an Equal Opportunity Employer"	[rated the <b>world’s most admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>6 years in a row </i></u> by fortune magazine…rated <b>america’s most admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>21 years in a row </i></u> by fortune magazine…top ranked company in the world with regards to <b>financial soundness</b>…whether you are looking for a professional career, a part time position to pay for college, <b>ups</b> is right for you.  we are currently accepting applications for <b>part time package handlers</b> working approximately <b>20 hours per week</b> loading, unloading vehicles.  this is a very physical, fast-paced job requiring heavy lifting. (see requirements for the essential job functions.)  we are currently seeking employees for the following shifts:  <b>preload shift:  monday - friday 4:00am-9:00amtwilight shift:  monday - friday 6:00pm-10:00pm</b>  in exchange for their hard work, ups package handlers <b>earn $8.50 - $9.50</b> per hour with a <b>$.50/hour raise after 90 days</b>. <u><i>part-time employees</u></i> also receive <b>full medical, dental and vision insurance covering the employee and family</b>. additional benefits include 401(k), discounted stock purchase plan, weekends off, employee discounts, and promotion opportunity.  <b>ups</b>, which has built one of the world’s best known brands, operates in more than 200 countries and territories around the world with over 370,000 employees  ups is an equal opportunity employer]	[53]	[53]	53.6	Package Handler	1.0	1	1	Package Handler
v2	Material Handler - Warehouse	"<b>Graybar</b> is the premier national distributor of electrical, communications and data products. With annual sales in excess of $4 billion, <b>Graybar</b> is a <i>Fortune 500</i> company with over 8,000 employees at more than 250 locations in North America. As one of the oldest and largest employee-owned companies in the world, we offer exciting career opportunities and an environment energized by a history of teamwork, innovation and continuous success. <p><b>Our philosophy on careers is simple: we have a 130-year history of promotion from within and career growth.</b><p>  We truly believe in giving individuals the opportunity to develop to their fullest potential while providing a competitive compensation and benefits package.<blockquote><b><u>JOIN THE GRAYBAR TEAM AND GIVE YOURSELF<br>THE COMPETITIVE EDGE!</u></b></blockquote>We're currently seeking a MATERIAL HANDLER for our DAYTON, OH location.  Responsibilities:<ul><li>Receiving, stocking, selecting and shipping</li> <li>Load or unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks, or shelves.</li> <li>Convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck or forklift equipment.</li><li>Weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards.</li> <li>Maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state.</li> <li>Perform shipping, stocking, selecting and other general warehouse tasks as needed.</li><li>Pack and label filled customer orders.</li> <li>Drive fork lift.</li></ul>"	[<b>graybar</b> is the premier national distributor of electrical, communications and data products. with annual sales in excess of $4 billion, <b>graybar</b> is a <i>fortune 500</i> company with over 8,000 employees at more than 250 locations in north america. as one of the oldest and largest employee-owned companies in the world, we offer exciting career opportunities and an environment energized by a history of teamwork, innovation and continuous success. <p><b>our philosophy on careers is simple: we have a 130-year history of promotion from within and career growth.</b><p>  we truly believe in giving individuals the opportunity to develop to their fullest potential while providing a competitive compensation and benefits package.<blockquote><b><u>join the graybar team and give yourself<br>the competitive edge!</u></b></blockquote>we're currently seeking a material handler for our dayton, oh location.  responsibilities:<ul><li>receiving, stocking, selecting and shipping</li> <li>load, unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks,, shelves.</li> <li>convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck, forklift equipment.</li><li>weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards.</li> <li>maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state.</li> <li>perform shipping, stocking, selecting and other general warehouse tasks as needed.</li><li>pack and label filled customer orders.</li> <li>drive fork lift.</li></ul>]	[53, 43]	[53]	53.3	Material Handler	0.79268926	1	0	Material Handler
v2	PACKAGE HANDLER	"Rated the <b>World’s Most Admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>6 years in a row </i></u> by Fortune Magazine…Rated <b>America’s Most Admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>21 years in a row </i></u> by Fortune Magazine…Top ranked company in the world with regards to <b>financial soundness</b>…Whether you are looking for a professional career or a part time position to pay for college, <b>UPS</b> is right for you.  We are currently accepting applications for <b>Part Time Package Handlers</b> working approximately <b>20 hours per week</b> loading or unloading vehicles.  This is a very physical, fast-paced job requiring heavy lifting. (see requirements for the essential job functions.)  We are currently seeking employees for the following shifts:  <b>Preload Shift:  Monday - Friday 4:00am-9:00amTwilight Shift:  Monday - Friday 6:00pm-10:00pm</b>  In exchange for their hard work, UPS package handlers <b>earn $8.50 - $9.50</b> per hour with a <b>$.50/hour raise after 90 days</b>. <u><i>Part-Time employees</u></i> also receive <b>full medical, dental and vision insurance covering the employee and family</b>. Additional benefits include 401(k), Discounted Stock Purchase Plan, weekends off, employee discounts, and promotion opportunity.  <b>UPS</b>, which has built one of the world’s best known brands, operates in more than 200 countries and territories around the world with over 370,000 employees  UPS is an Equal Opportunity Employer"	[rated the <b>world’s most admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>6 years in a row </i></u> by fortune magazine…rated <b>america’s most admired</b> company in its industry <i><u>21 years in a row </i></u> by fortune magazine…top ranked company in the world with regards to <b>financial soundness</b>…whether you are looking for a professional career, a part time position to pay for college, <b>ups</b> is right for you.  we are currently accepting applications for <b>part time package handlers</b> working approximately <b>20 hours per week</b> loading, unloading vehicles.  this is a very physical, fast-paced job requiring heavy lifting. (see requirements for the essential job functions.)  we are currently seeking employees for the following shifts:  <b>preload shift:  monday - friday 4:00am-9:00amtwilight shift:  monday - friday 6:00pm-10:00pm</b>  in exchange for their hard work, ups package handlers <b>earn $8.50 - $9.50</b> per hour with a <b>$.50/hour raise after 90 days</b>. <u><i>part-time employees</u></i> also receive <b>full medical, dental and vision insurance covering the employee and family</b>. additional benefits include 401(k), discounted stock purchase plan, weekends off, employee discounts, and promotion opportunity.  <b>ups</b>, which has built one of the world’s best known brands, operates in more than 200 countries and territories around the world with over 370,000 employees  ups is an equal opportunity employer]	[53]	[53]	53.6	Package Handler	1.0	1	1	Package Handler
v2	WAREHOUSE DISTRIBUTION MANAGER	"<b>OUR CLIENT IS CURRENTLY SEARCHING FOR A SOLID WAREHOUSE DISTRIBUTION MANAGER FOR THE CARROLLTON AREA.  PLEASE READ THIS DESCRIPTION BEFORE SUBMITTING YOUR RESUME BECAUSE OF THE NUMBER OF RESPONSES ONLY RESUMES THAT REFLECT THE ADVERTISED PROFILE WILL RECEIVE A RESPONSE (DO NOT ASSUME THAT IT WILL BE OBVIOUS YOU WOULD HAVE PERFORMED DUTIES THAT ARE NOT STATED ON YOUR RESUME). OUR CLIENT HAS BEEN IN BUSINESS OVER FIFTY YEARS AND OFFERS AN OUTSTANDING IMMEDIATE OPPORTUNITY.</b>  Purpose of the Position:  To provide knowledgeable, efficient, courteous, and timely service to all customers  To properly organize and supervise the operations of the warehouse in the most efficient and safe manner To be part of a team to accomplish department and Company goals and objectives    Position Responsibilities:      Insuring the prompt loading of merchandise for customer pickups  Insuring the prompt unloading and loading of all branch transfers         Supervising the loading of all branch deliveries.         Being responsible that all outgoing and incoming material is correct as to quality and quantity         Insuring that all outgoing freight is ready on time with bills of lading filled out correctly          Supervising all warehouse personnel to insure that all Company safety and general procedures are followed          Supervising the proper maintenance of the warehouse, all warehouse equipment and company vehicles          Submitting warehouse and/or equipment expenditure in writing for approval by the Branch Manager          Insuring that the warehouse is kept orderly and clean at all times.  This includes bins, aisles, stairs, restroom, lights, sample storage area, and areas beneath bins and cutting machine          Insuring that all material is clearly and correctly tagged and/or identified         Assuring replacement of office light bulbs and air conditioning filters as needed         Training all warehouse employees in the proper procedures for all of, but not limited to, the following:  1. Interbranch transfers  2. Shipping and receiving procedures for both customers and vendors  3. Proper loading and off-loading of all merchandise  4. Use of roll tags  5. Use of the cutting machine, fork lifts, and other warehouse equipment  6. Handling common carrier freight bills of lading  7. Use of cut sheets and bin change sheets  8. How to service and speak to our customers  9. How to stack merchandise  10. How to read sales orders (shipping tickets) and the markings on all materials         Insuring that warehouse and vehicles present are secure at the end of each day         Insuring that all warehouse employees maintain professional behavior, proper language, and a positive attitude towards customers, suppliers, and fellow employees         Insuring that all warehouse personnel comply with the Company Safety Manual and Employee Manual         Oversee all physical inventories and locate missing items on a timely basis         Work closely with the Branch Manager to correct inventory discrepancies         Control/minimize overtime work; insure that all warehouse employees are productively working at all times         Control vacations, sick leave, and time off of all warehouse employees, reporting such information to the Branch Manager         Immediately report to Branch Manager  in writing on the proper form  any warehouse injury, observed unacceptable behavior by an employee, or any infraction of the Company Safety or Employee Manual.          Hold regular product, procedure, and safety meetings with warehouse personnel   Serve as branch Safety Manager  Supervise Early and Late Supervisors  Insuring that all fire extinguishers are checked and tagged as required by law, and that all warehouse employees are instructed on the operation and locations of the fire extinguishers   Hiring and termination of all warehouse personnel in accordance with Company policy and in cooperation with the Branch Manager and Personnel Manager  Supervise stocking and interbranch transfer of vendor shipments    Use computers:  AS400 and PC programs as required"	[<b>our client is currently searching for a solid warehouse distribution manager for the carrollton area.  please read this description before submitting your resume because of the number of responses only resumes that reflect the advertised profile will receive a response (do not assume that it will be obvious you would have performed duties that are not stated on your resume). our client has been in business over fifty years and offers an outstanding immediate opportunity.</b>  purpose of the position:  to provide knowledgeable, efficient, courteous, and timely service to all customers  to properly organize and supervise the operations of the warehouse in the most efficient and safe manner to be part of a team to accomplish department and company goals and objectives    position responsibilities:      insuring the prompt loading of merchandise for customer pickups  insuring the prompt unloading and loading of all branch transfers         supervising the loading of all branch deliveries.         being responsible that all outgoing and incoming material is correct as to quality and quantity         insuring that all outgoing freight is ready on time with bills of lading filled out correctly          supervising all warehouse personnel to insure that all company safety and general procedures are followed          supervising the proper maintenance of the warehouse, all warehouse equipment and company vehicles          submitting warehouse and/or equipment expenditure in writing for approval by the branch manager          insuring that the warehouse is kept orderly and clean at all times.  this includes bins, aisles, stairs, restroom, lights, sample storage area, and areas beneath bins and cutting machine          insuring that all material is clearly and correctly tagged and/or identified         assuring replacement of office light bulbs and air conditioning filters as needed         training all warehouse employees in the proper procedures for all of, but not limited to, the following:  1. interbranch transfers  2. shipping and receiving procedures for both customers and vendors  3. proper loading and off-loading of all merchandise  4. use of roll tags  5. use of the cutting machine, fork lifts, and other warehouse equipment  6. handling common carrier freight bills of lading  7. use of cut sheets and bin change sheets  8. how to service and speak to our customers  9. how to stack merchandise  10. how to read sales orders (shipping tickets) and the markings on all materials         insuring that warehouse and vehicles present are secure at the end of each day         insuring that all warehouse employees maintain professional behavior, proper language, and a positive attitude towards customers, suppliers, and fellow employees         insuring that all warehouse personnel comply with the company safety manual and employee manual         oversee all physical inventories and locate missing items on a timely basis         work closely with the branch manager to correct inventory discrepancies         control/minimize overtime work; insure that all warehouse employees are productively working at all times         control vacations, sick leave, and time off of all warehouse employees, reporting such information to the branch manager         immediately report to branch manager  in writing on the proper form  any warehouse injury, observed unacceptable behavior by an employee,, any infraction of the company safety, employee manual.          hold regular product, procedure, and safety meetings with warehouse personnel   serve as branch safety manager  supervise early and late supervisors  insuring that all fire extinguishers are checked and tagged as required by law, and that all warehouse employees are instructed on the operation and locations of the fire extinguishers   hiring and termination of all warehouse personnel in accordance with company policy and in cooperation with the branch manager and personnel manager  supervise stocking and interbranch transfer of vendor shipments    use computers:  as400 and pc programs as required]	[53, 11, 51]	[53]	53.70	Distribution Center Manager	0.41331384	1	0	Distribution Manager OR Distribution Center Manager OR Distribution Supervisor
v2	Automotive Parts Delivery Driver	"For 75 years, NAPA has been the recognized quality leader in the auto parts and repair business. That's important, because when it comes to maintaining your car, you need quality parts and service you can count on.    PRIMARY JOB FUNCTIONS: The primary function of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with NAPA customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner.  This person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer.  The delivery driver must account for cash on COD orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  SECONDARY JOB FUNCTIONS: Assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products on the shelves.  Cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store.  Adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials.  Answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training.  Perform all other associated duties assigned by management."	[for 75 years, napa has been the recognized quality leader in the auto parts and repair business. that's important, because when it comes to maintaining your car, you need quality parts and service you can count on.    primary job functions: the primary function of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with napa customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner.  this person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer.  the delivery driver must account for cash on cod orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  secondary job functions: assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products on the shelves.  cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store.  adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials.  answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training.  perform all other associated duties assigned by management.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Warehouse Forklift Driver	"Our nationwide corporation is experiencing great success and has several Warehouse Forklift Driver positions. We offer an excellent compensation plan, comprehensive benefits including a matching 401K & the opportunity to grow within our dynamic organization.  If interested please fax resumes or apply directly at:  Ceramic Tile International 11525 Todd St. Houston, TX 77055 Fax: (713)686-4990"	[our nationwide corporation is experiencing great success and has several warehouse forklift driver positions. we offer an excellent compensation plan, comprehensive benefits including a matching 401k & the opportunity to grow within our dynamic organization.  if interested please fax resumes, apply directly at:  ceramic tile international 11525 todd st. houston, tx 77055 fax: (713)686-4990]	[53]	[53]	53.11	Forklift Driver	0.41269735	1	0	Forklift Driver
v2	Route Sales Merchandiser	"Frito Lay, a leader in the snack food industry, is hiring for a Route Sales/Merchandiser position."	[frito lay, a leader in the snack food industry, is hiring for a route sales/merchandiser position.]	[53]	[53]	53.7	Route Sales Representative	1.0	1	0	Route Sales Representative
v2	Mixer Driver	"Vulcan Materials Company is the nation’s largest producer of construction aggregates, asphalt, and ready mix concrete. Our western division has an opportunity in its Ready Mix Department for a Mixer Driver in Mission Valley.   This individual will transports ready mix concrete products from batch plants to customer job sites and unload material. Maintains proper slump (water content) of ready mix concrete. Inspects, services, and cleans concrete mixer truck.  Other duties may be assigned.   EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE REQUIRED:  High School diploma or GED is required. Class ""B"" commercial driver’s license and experience driving concrete mixer trucks is required.    SPECIAL SKILLS OR REQUIREMENTS:  Excellent defensive driving skill is required. Must have the ability to maintain satisfactory customer and public relations in performance of duties. Ability to clean all areas on vehicle, climb ladder to inspect loads of ready mix concrete, and hangs mixer chutes.  Must be able to work flexible hours when necessary.  We offer excellent salary and comprehensive benefits package. Interested candidates should fax resume along with salary requirement to (619) 296-2833 or email to hallc@vmcmail.com.  We are an Equal Opportunity Employer."	[vulcan materials company is the nation’s largest producer of construction aggregates, asphalt, and ready mix concrete. our western division has an opportunity in its ready mix department for a mixer driver in mission valley.   this individual will transports ready mix concrete products from batch plants to customer job sites and unload material. maintains proper slump (water content) of ready mix concrete. inspects, services, and cleans concrete mixer truck.  other duties may be assigned.   education and/or experience required:  high school diploma, ged is required. class b commercial driver’s license and experience driving concrete mixer trucks is required.    special skills, requirements:  excellent defensive driving skill is required. must have the ability to maintain satisfactory customer and public relations in performance of duties. ability to clean all areas on vehicle, climb ladder to inspect loads of ready mix concrete, and hangs mixer chutes.  must be able to work flexible hours when necessary.  we offer excellent salary and comprehensive benefits package. interested candidates should fax resume along with salary requirement to (619) 296-2833, email to hallc@vmcmail.com.  we are an equal opportunity employer.]	[53]	[53]	53.0	Truck Driver	1.0	1	0	Truck Driver
v2	Warehouse/Material Handler	"Never heard of   Graybar?  You will!!  $5 billion - plus in sales and growing  Graybar is Fortune 500 company and one of the world's largest employee owned companies. We promote from within - your CAREER starts here at our Dallas-Ft. Worth Branch. Responsibilities: *  Select and pack customer orders. *  Receive, select, pack, store and distribute warehouse inventory. *  Load or unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks, or shelves. * Convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck or forklift equipment. * Weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards. * Maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state. * Perform miscellaneous administrative duties. * Perform shipping and receiving responsibilities. * Pack and label filled customer orders. * May drive fork lift.  Qualifications Prefer High School Graduate or G.E.D. One plus years experience preferred.  Basic reading, math and computer skills.  Knowledge of warehousing procedures, warehouse management systems and safety protocols.  Ability to walk and move freely and regularly lift up to 50 pounds.   As one of the largest employee owned companies in the nation, Graybar offers a benefits package which includes medical/dental, life insurance, pension plan, tuition reimbursement, profit sharing and the opportunity for you to become an employee-owner.    Graybar Electric Company is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer(EOE)."	[never heard of   graybar?  you will!!  $5 billion - plus in sales and growing  graybar is fortune 500 company and one of the world's largest employee owned companies. we promote from within - your career starts here at our dallas-ft. worth branch. responsibilities: *  select and pack customer orders. *  receive, select, pack, store and distribute warehouse inventory. *  load, unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks,, shelves. * convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck, forklift equipment. * weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards. * maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state. * perform miscellaneous administrative duties. * perform shipping and receiving responsibilities. * pack and label filled customer orders. * may drive fork lift.  qualifications prefer high school graduate, g.e.d. one plus years experience preferred.  basic reading, math and computer skills.  knowledge of warehousing procedures, warehouse management systems and safety protocols.  ability to walk and move freely and regularly lift up to 50 pounds.   as one of the largest employee owned companies in the nation, graybar offers a benefits package which includes medical/dental, life insurance, pension plan, tuition reimbursement, profit sharing and the opportunity for you to become an employee-owner.    graybar electric company is proud to be an equal-opportunity employer(eoe).]	[53]	[53]	53.3	Material Handler	1.0	1	0	Material Handler
v2	Automotive Parts Delivery Driver	"For 75 years, NAPA has been the recognized quality leader in the auto parts and repair business. That's important, because when it comes to maintaining your car, you need quality parts and service you can count on.    PRIMARY JOB FUNCTIONS: The primary function of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with NAPA customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner.  This person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer.  The delivery driver must account for cash on COD orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  SECONDARY JOB FUNCTIONS: Assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products on the shelves.  Cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store.  Adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials.  Answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training.  Perform all other associated duties assigned by management."	[for 75 years, napa has been the recognized quality leader in the auto parts and repair business. that's important, because when it comes to maintaining your car, you need quality parts and service you can count on.    primary job functions: the primary function of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with napa customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner.  this person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer.  the delivery driver must account for cash on cod orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  secondary job functions: assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products on the shelves.  cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store.  adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials.  answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training.  perform all other associated duties assigned by management.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Package Handler	"<b>FedEx Ground</b> is a part of an $18 billion company with one of the most recognized brand names in the world. As a package delivery industry leader, <b>FedEx Ground</b> offers a variety of employment and career opportunities. We invite you to join a company that can offer you stability, leadership and outstanding growth.  Primary responsibility of Package Handler is to unload and load vans and trailers. To be eligible for the position, you must be able to lift packages that vary in size and weight from 1 to 100+ LBS regularly in a fast-paced environment. You must be at least 18 years of age and no longer enrolled in high school. You must be able to work 1 shift all 5 days. SHIFTS AVAILABLE: Early Morning (3a - 8a,) Evening (5p - 9p,) Midnight (11p - 2:30a.)  EOE/AA    <b>As a Package Handler you are offered:</b> <li>TUITION ASSISTANCE <li>RAISES AFTER 90 DAYS <li>A STOCK PURCHASE PLAN <li>DIRECT DEPOSIT"	[<b>fedex ground</b> is a part of an $18 billion company with one of the most recognized brand names in the world. as a package delivery industry leader, <b>fedex ground</b> offers a variety of employment and career opportunities. we invite you to join a company that can offer you stability, leadership and outstanding growth.  primary responsibility of package handler is to unload and load vans and trailers. to be eligible for the position, you must be able to lift packages that vary in size and weight from 1 to 100+ lbs regularly in a fast-paced environment. you must be at least 18 years of age and no longer enrolled in high school. you must be able to work 1 shift all 5 days. shifts available: early morning (3a - 8a,) evening (5p - 9p,) midnight (11p - 2:30a.)  eoe/aa    <b>as a package handler you are offered:</b> <li>tuition assistance <li>raises after 90 days <li>a stock purchase plan <li>direct deposit]	[53]	[53]	53.6	Package Handler	1.0	1	1	Package Handler
v2	Transportation Supervisor	"Multifoods Distribution Group, a $2 billion food distribution company, is the nation's No. 1 distributor to independent pizzerias, vending operators, and a national distributor to the quick service restaurant industry.  The Atlanta distribution center is currently recruiting for a Transportation Supervisor.  The successful candidate will be responsible for the supervision and training of drivers at the facility and for ensuring that deliveries to customers are made in a safe, efficient, and timely manner.  Essential Job Functions / Requirements:  Thorough knowledge of DOT regulations Familiar with OSHA requirements Class A CDL license Good driving record Familiarity with a shipment of frozen and refrigerated items  Strong customer service experience  Prefer 2+ years of hands-on supervisory experience in transportation and logistics operations.  May occasionally take out deliveries.  We do pre-employment criminal background investigations, physical abilities testing, and drug screening.  Excellent compensation and benefits package with company-matching 401(k) contributions.  Paid national holidays, vacation after 6 months of service, and personal holidays.  Qualified candidates should send resume with salary history.  Multifoods Distribution Group 7895 Third Flag Parkway Austell, GA   30168 FAX:  770-941-3605"	[multifoods distribution group, a $2 billion food distribution company, is the nation's no. 1 distributor to independent pizzerias, vending operators, and a national distributor to the quick service restaurant industry.  the atlanta distribution center is currently recruiting for a transportation supervisor.  the successful candidate will be responsible for the supervision and training of drivers at the facility and for ensuring that deliveries to customers are made in a safe, efficient, and timely manner.  essential job functions / requirements:  thorough knowledge of dot regulations familiar with osha requirements class a cdl license good driving record familiarity with a shipment of frozen and refrigerated items  strong customer service experience  prefer 2+ years of hands-on supervisory experience in transportation and logistics operations.  may occasionally take out deliveries.  we do pre-employment criminal background investigations, physical abilities testing, and drug screening.  excellent compensation and benefits package with company-matching 401(k) contributions.  paid national holidays, vacation after 6 months of service, and personal holidays.  qualified candidates should send resume with salary history.  multifoods distribution group 7895 third flag parkway austell, ga   30168 fax:  770-941-3605]	[53, 11]	[53]	53.21	Transportation Supervisor	1.0	1	1	Transportation Supervisor
v2	Warehouse worker	"General warehouse duties including stocking shelves, loading/unloading trucks, taking inventory, general maintenance."	[general warehouse duties including stocking shelves, loading/unloading trucks, taking inventory, general maintenance.]	[53]	[53]	53.5	Warehouse Worker	1.0	1	1	Warehouse Worker
v2	Truck Driver	"You will be responsible for making on-time deliveries of electrical and data/comm supplies to various customers in surrounding areas.  Must be experienced in driving medium size, straight and automatic truck, be knowledgeable of material handling and general warehouse procedures.  Responsibilities include recording deliveries on manifests, handling cash, verifying load against shipping papers, maintaining truck logs and inspecting truck equipment for safe operations.  Beginning salary between 21-24K per year based on experience.    As one of the largest employee-owned companies in the nation, Graybar offers a benefits package which includes medical/life/dental insurance,tuition reimbursement, pension plan, profit sharing and the opportunity to become an employee owner.  For immediate consideration please forward your resume (if sending via e-mail use MS Word format)."	[you will be responsible for making on-time deliveries of electrical and data/comm supplies to various customers in surrounding areas.  must be experienced in driving medium size, straight and automatic truck, be knowledgeable of material handling and general warehouse procedures.  responsibilities include recording deliveries on manifests, handling cash, verifying load against shipping papers, maintaining truck logs and inspecting truck equipment for safe operations.  beginning salary between 21-24k per year based on experience.    as one of the largest employee-owned companies in the nation, graybar offers a benefits package which includes medical/life/dental insurance,tuition reimbursement, pension plan, profit sharing and the opportunity to become an employee owner.  for immediate consideration please forward your resume (if sending via e-mail use ms word format).]	[53]	[53]	53.0	Truck Driver	1.0	1	1	Truck Driver
v2	Material Handler	"<b>Group:</b> Publishing <b>Division:</b> Tribune Direct  <b>Category:</b> Operations/Production   Responsibilities include: loading, unloading and moving materials to assigned areas, inspecting all loads of materials for correct issue date and version prior to moving into production; inspecting incoming shipments immediately upon receipt for possible shipping damage and verifying shipper's forwarding documents."	[<b>group:</b> publishing <b>division:</b> tribune direct  <b>category:</b> operations/production   responsibilities include: loading, unloading and moving materials to assigned areas, inspecting all loads of materials for correct issue date and version prior to moving into production; inspecting incoming shipments immediately upon receipt for possible shipping damage and verifying shipper's forwarding documents.]	[53]	[53]	53.3	Material Handler	1.0	1	1	Material Handler
v2	Warehouse Supervisor	"Supervise up to 20 employees in an office products distribution center warehouse operation.  Responsible for warehousing, transportation, shipping and receiving.  Manages staff of two hourly lead assistant supervisors.  Reports to Warehouse Manager.  S.P. Richards Company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Genuine Parts Company (GPC:NYSE), distributes a wide spectrum of business products to office products resellers throughout the U.S. and Canada. These products include consumable office supplies, office furniture, computer supplies, consumer electronics, and janitorial and breakroom supplies from all of the major industry manufacturers. The company operates 41 Distribution Centers in the United States, including 37 full line distribution centers, three furniture only distribution centers, and Horizon USA, its computer supplies subsidiary. S.P. Richards also owns S. P. Richards Canada, a Canadian based business products wholesaler, headquartered in Vancouver, British Columbia.  SPR employees enjoy a comprehensive benefits program as part of Genuine Parts Company.  S.P.Richards Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer.  When applying online please reference job ID #S1124-035"	[supervise up to 20 employees in an office products distribution center warehouse operation.  responsible for warehousing, transportation, shipping and receiving.  manages staff of two hourly lead assistant supervisors.  reports to warehouse manager.  s.p. richards company, a wholly owned subsidiary of the genuine parts company (gpc:nyse), distributes a wide spectrum of business products to office products resellers throughout the u.s. and canada. these products include consumable office supplies, office furniture, computer supplies, consumer electronics, and janitorial and breakroom supplies from all of the major industry manufacturers. the company operates 41 distribution centers in the united states, including 37 full line distribution centers, three furniture only distribution centers, and horizon usa, its computer supplies subsidiary. s.p. richards also owns s. p. richards canada, a canadian based business products wholesaler, headquartered in vancouver, british columbia.  spr employees enjoy a comprehensive benefits program as part of genuine parts company.  s.p.richards company is an equal opportunity employer.  when applying online please reference job id #s1124-035]	[53, 11]	[53]	53.13	Warehouse Supervisor	1.0	1	1	Warehouse Supervisor
v2	Retail Route Manager	"We are an established company with a number of retail routes that deliver products in the Denver metro area.  This is a front line, hands on management position that will oversee one of our distribution territories of 36 routes.  This will include guiding 4 supervisors and up to 40 routes to meet delivery expectations, and instilling excellent customer service in all of our drivers and supervisors.  A strong background and knowledge of retail route sales is also required, as well as the ability to train supervisors and drivers how to do sales.  We strive for superior service and quality, as well as a safe and efficient work force.  A complete benefits package is also available.  LOCAL CANDIDATES ONLY PLEASE."	[we are an established company with a number of retail routes that deliver products in the denver metro area.  this is a front line, hands on management position that will oversee one of our distribution territories of 36 routes.  this will include guiding 4 supervisors and up to 40 routes to meet delivery expectations, and instilling excellent customer service in all of our drivers and supervisors.  a strong background and knowledge of retail route sales is also required, as well as the ability to train supervisors and drivers how to do sales.  we strive for superior service and quality, as well as a safe and efficient work force.  a complete benefits package is also available.  local candidates only please.]	[53, 11]	[53]	53.42	Route Manager	1.0	1	0	Route Manager
v2	Material Handler	"<b>Graybar</b> is the premier national distributor of electrical, communications and data products. With annual sales in excess of $4 billion, <b>Graybar</b> is a <i>Fortune 500</i> company with over 8,000 employees at more than 250 locations in North America. As one of the oldest and largest employee-owned companies in the world, we offer exciting career opportunities and an environment energized by a history of teamwork, innovation and continuous success. <p><b>Our philosophy on careers is simple: we have a 130-year history of promotion from within and career growth.</b><p>  We truly believe in giving individuals the opportunity to develop to their fullest potential while providing a competitive compensation and benefits package.<blockquote><b><u>JOIN THE GRAYBAR TEAM AND GIVE YOURSELF<br>THE COMPETITIVE EDGE!</u></b></blockquote>We're currently seeking a MATERIAL HANDLER for our new COLUMBUS, OH location.  Responsibilities:<ul><li>Receiving, stocking, selecting and shipping</li> <li>Load or unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks, or shelves.</li> <li>Convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck or forklift equipment.</li><li>Weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards.</li> <li>Maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state.</li> <li>Perform shipping, stocking, selecting and other general warehouse tasks as needed.</li><li>Pack and label filled customer orders.</li> <li>Drive fork lift.</li></ul>"	[<b>graybar</b> is the premier national distributor of electrical, communications and data products. with annual sales in excess of $4 billion, <b>graybar</b> is a <i>fortune 500</i> company with over 8,000 employees at more than 250 locations in north america. as one of the oldest and largest employee-owned companies in the world, we offer exciting career opportunities and an environment energized by a history of teamwork, innovation and continuous success. <p><b>our philosophy on careers is simple: we have a 130-year history of promotion from within and career growth.</b><p>  we truly believe in giving individuals the opportunity to develop to their fullest potential while providing a competitive compensation and benefits package.<blockquote><b><u>join the graybar team and give yourself<br>the competitive edge!</u></b></blockquote>we're currently seeking a material handler for our new columbus, oh location.  responsibilities:<ul><li>receiving, stocking, selecting and shipping</li> <li>load, unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks,, shelves.</li> <li>convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck, forklift equipment.</li><li>weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards.</li> <li>maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state.</li> <li>perform shipping, stocking, selecting and other general warehouse tasks as needed.</li><li>pack and label filled customer orders.</li> <li>drive fork lift.</li></ul>]	[53]	[53]	53.3	Material Handler	1.0	1	1	Material Handler
v2	cdl truck driver	"<b>Metal Management - Midwest, Inc.</b>  <u>Position Title:</u> Truck Driver  <u>Department:</u> Customer Service  <u>Source of Supervision:</u> Manager of Trucking  <b>Basic Function:</b> To pick up and deliver to customer locations and deliver to processing yards.    <u>Tools and Equipment: </u> 1. Two-way radio   2. Safety equipment   3. Tire changing tools   4. Truck  <u>Essential Functions:</u> 1. Performs pre and post trip inspections (simple maintenance). 2. Drive vehicle in safe manner, observing applicable traffic and vehicular rule and regulations. 3. Completes daily assigned stops. 4. Completes daily trip sheets and other required paperwork 5. Understands and conforms to DOT rules and regulations. 6. Maintains superior level of customer service. 7. Follows all company safety rules. 8. Practices yard safety rules and regulations. 9. Discerns sizes of containers and boxes, adjusts loads properly. 10. Practices accident and damage reporting. 11. Changes all flat tires; operates radio. 12. Performs proper scale procedures and customers’ paperwork. 13. Keeps vehicle clean/professional looking. 14. Discerns product/material identification and grading. 15. Understands driver incentive program, safety program and supervisors expectations. 16. Maintains effective communication with supervisor. 17. Performs other duties as assigned.  <u>Non-essential Functions:</u> 1. Experienced and senior drivers may provide training to new drivers.  <u>ISO 9002 Training Requirements:</u> Refer to position specific training matrix  <u>Environment:</u> 1. Is exposed to potential hazards of driving a vehicle in urban, suburban and interstate traffic. 2. Works in out-of-doors environment in all kinds of weather. 3. Is exposed to inherent hazards of scrap yard operations.  <u>Safety & Health Requirements:</u>      1. When operating equipment, must follow general and position specific safety rules.        2. Must pass a post offer physical and drug test.            Disclaimer:              The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification.  They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required to successfully perform this position."	[<b>metal management - midwest, inc.</b>  <u>position title:</u> truck driver  <u>department:</u> customer service  <u>source of supervision:</u> manager of trucking  <b>basic function:</b> to pick up and deliver to customer locations and deliver to processing yards.    <u>tools and equipment: </u> 1. two-way radio   2. safety equipment   3. tire changing tools   4. truck  <u>essential functions:</u> 1. performs pre and post trip inspections (simple maintenance). 2. drive vehicle in safe manner, observing applicable traffic and vehicular rule and regulations. 3. completes daily assigned stops. 4. completes daily trip sheets and other required paperwork 5. understands and conforms to dot rules and regulations. 6. maintains superior level of customer service. 7. follows all company safety rules. 8. practices yard safety rules and regulations. 9. discerns sizes of containers and boxes, adjusts loads properly. 10. practices accident and damage reporting. 11. changes all flat tires; operates radio. 12. performs proper scale procedures and customers’ paperwork. 13. keeps vehicle clean/professional looking. 14. discerns product/material identification and grading. 15. understands driver incentive program, safety program and supervisors expectations. 16. maintains effective communication with supervisor. 17. performs other duties as assigned.  <u>non-essential functions:</u> 1. experienced and senior drivers may provide training to new drivers.  <u>iso 9002 training requirements:</u> refer to position specific training matrix  <u>environment:</u> 1. is exposed to potential hazards of driving a vehicle in urban, suburban and interstate traffic. 2. works in out-of-doors environment in all kinds of weather. 3. is exposed to inherent hazards of scrap yard operations.  <u>safety & health requirements:</u>      1. when operating equipment, must follow general and position specific safety rules.        2. must pass a post offer physical and drug test.            disclaimer:              the above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by employees assigned to this classification.  they are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required to successfully perform this position.]	[53]	[53]	53.0	Truck Driver	1.0	1	0	Truck Driver
v2	"Transportation Supervisor - Gaston, SC"	"Southeast Frozen Foods is now Hiring a Transportation Supervisor at its Gaston, SC Distribution Center.  Southeast Frozen Foods is the largest, exclusive distributor of frozen foods in the Southeastern United States.  The company currently operates over 900,000 square feet of warehouse space in five locations, covering sixteen states.  The Transportation Supervisor oversees the delivery process by scheduling and routing of deliveries and drivers.  Supervises dispatch and fleet personnel to ensure on-time departures/deliveries and compliance with D.O.T. regulations.  Works closely with equipment leasing companies to ensure attainment of contractual obligations in the best interest of the company.  Primary Responsibilities include: 1.  Maintains Transportation department staff by recruiting, selecting, orientating and training employees.  Maintains job results of department employees by coaching, counseling and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring and appraising job performance.  2.  Stays in compliance with Federal, State and Local legal requirements by studying existing and new legislation, monitoring and enforcing adherence to requirements and advising management on needed actions.  3.  Resolves customer dissatisfactions by planning and directing the receipt, investigation, evaluation and settling of complaints and claims; following up with customers; personally resolving difficult situations.  4.  Works with the Customer Service team by initiating, coordinating and enforcing program, operational and personnel policies and procedures.  5.  Ensures efficiency while maintaining delivery windows by exercising proper cubing and routing techniques.  Tracks positioning of routes throughout the day in order to stay abreast of delivery schedule and better respond to customer needs.  6. Ensures driver safety by establishing, communicating and monitoring safety standards among fleet personnel.  Investigates accidents or near misses to determine cause of accidents and further preventative measures.  7. Increases revenue for the company by executing existing and potential backhaul programs; monitors existing backhaul routes and looks for new opportunities to grow additional backhaul revenues."	[southeast frozen foods is now hiring a transportation supervisor at its gaston, sc distribution center.  southeast frozen foods is the largest, exclusive distributor of frozen foods in the southeastern united states.  the company currently operates over 900,000 square feet of warehouse space in five locations, covering sixteen states.  the transportation supervisor oversees the delivery process by scheduling and routing of deliveries and drivers.  supervises dispatch and fleet personnel to ensure on-time departures/deliveries and compliance with d.o.t. regulations.  works closely with equipment leasing companies to ensure attainment of contractual obligations in the best interest of the company.  primary responsibilities include: 1.  maintains transportation department staff by recruiting, selecting, orientating and training employees.  maintains job results of department employees by coaching, counseling and disciplining employees; planning, monitoring and appraising job performance.  2.  stays in compliance with federal, state and local legal requirements by studying existing and new legislation, monitoring and enforcing adherence to requirements and advising management on needed actions.  3.  resolves customer dissatisfactions by planning and directing the receipt, investigation, evaluation and settling of complaints and claims; following up with customers; personally resolving difficult situations.  4.  works with the customer service team by initiating, coordinating and enforcing program, operational and personnel policies and procedures.  5.  ensures efficiency while maintaining delivery windows by exercising proper cubing and routing techniques.  tracks positioning of routes throughout the day in order to stay abreast of delivery schedule and better respond to customer needs.  6. ensures driver safety by establishing, communicating and monitoring safety standards among fleet personnel.  investigates accidents, near misses to determine cause of accidents and further preventative measures.  7. increases revenue for the company by executing existing and potential backhaul programs; monitors existing backhaul routes and looks for new opportunities to grow additional backhaul revenues.]	[53, 11]	[53]	53.21	Transportation Supervisor	1.0	1	0	Transportation Supervisor
v2	DRIVER	"Mattress Giant, one of the nations leading speciality bedding retailers is looking for a warehouse to store delivery driver.  This person is responsible for transporting product between our 34 Chicago area stores and our distribution center along with occasional customer home deliveries.    Candidate must have prior experience with a 28’ straight truck with standard transmission and be familiar with city and suburban traffic/directions.  Selected candidate must be able to lift up to 70lbs unassisted. Candidate will be delivering product to retail store environments and customer homes and must have good grooming and appearance.   An exceptional driving record is required along with the ability to successfully complete a pre-employment background check and drug screen.    Pay range is $12 to $14 per hour.  Applications will be accepted at the Regional Office between 10am and 4pm Monday through Friday at 608 Supreme Drive, Bensenville, IL 60106.  No phone calls please.  Please bring a copy of your driving history/record to include with your application."	[mattress giant, one of the nations leading speciality bedding retailers is looking for a warehouse to store delivery driver.  this person is responsible for transporting product between our 34 chicago area stores and our distribution center along with occasional customer home deliveries.    candidate must have prior experience with a 28’ straight truck with standard transmission and be familiar with city and suburban traffic/directions.  selected candidate must be able to lift up to 70lbs unassisted. candidate will be delivering product to retail store environments and customer homes and must have good grooming and appearance.   an exceptional driving record is required along with the ability to successfully complete a pre-employment background check and drug screen.    pay range is $12 to $14 per hour.  applications will be accepted at the regional office between 10am and 4pm monday through friday at 608 supreme drive, bensenville, il 60106.  no phone calls please.  please bring a copy of your driving history/record to include with your application.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Material Handler	"<b>Graybar</b> is the premier national distributor of electrical, communications and data products. With annual sales in excess of $4 billion, <b>Graybar</b> is a <i>Fortune 500</i> company with over 8,000 employees at more than 250 locations in North America. As one of the oldest and largest employee-owned companies in the world, we offer exciting career opportunities and an environment energized by a history of teamwork, innovation and continuous success. <p><b>Our philosophy on careers is simple: we have a 130-year history of promotion from within and career growth.</b><p>  We truly believe in giving individuals the opportunity to develop to their fullest potential while providing a competitive compensation and benefits package.<blockquote><b><u>JOIN THE GRAYBAR TEAM AND GIVE YOURSELF<br>THE COMPETITIVE EDGE!</u></b></blockquote>We're currently seeking a MATERIAL HANDLER for our Hampton, VA location.  Responsibilities:<ul><li>Receiving, stocking, selecting and shipping</li> <li>Load or unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks, or shelves.</li> <li>Convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck or forklift equipment.</li><li>Weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards.</li> <li>Maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state.</li> <li>Perform shipping, stocking, selecting and other general warehouse tasks as needed.</li><li>Pack and label filled customer orders.</li> <li>Drive fork lift.</li><li><b>Experience & willingness to drive a straight truck as a back-up delivery driver very helpful!</b></li></ul>"	[<b>graybar</b> is the premier national distributor of electrical, communications and data products. with annual sales in excess of $4 billion, <b>graybar</b> is a <i>fortune 500</i> company with over 8,000 employees at more than 250 locations in north america. as one of the oldest and largest employee-owned companies in the world, we offer exciting career opportunities and an environment energized by a history of teamwork, innovation and continuous success. <p><b>our philosophy on careers is simple: we have a 130-year history of promotion from within and career growth.</b><p>  we truly believe in giving individuals the opportunity to develop to their fullest potential while providing a competitive compensation and benefits package.<blockquote><b><u>join the graybar team and give yourself<br>the competitive edge!</u></b></blockquote>we're currently seeking a material handler for our hampton, va location.  responsibilities:<ul><li>receiving, stocking, selecting and shipping</li> <li>load, unload delivery vehicles, open cartons, bundles and other containers and assemble stock onto pallets, warehouse trucks, racks,, shelves.</li> <li>convey stock to designated area by hand, hand, truck, forklift equipment.</li><li>weigh, count, and record units of stock to ensure conformance to quality standards.</li> <li>maintain warehouse in an orderly and clean state.</li> <li>perform shipping, stocking, selecting and other general warehouse tasks as needed.</li><li>pack and label filled customer orders.</li> <li>drive fork lift.</li><li><b>experience & willingness to drive a straight truck as a back-up delivery driver very helpful!</b></li></ul>]	[53]	[53]	53.3	Material Handler	1.0	1	1	Material Handler
v2	Regional Tractor Trailer Driver	"Schneider National is looking for individuals who are interested in becoming <b>truck drivers</b>. No experience necessary. Schneider National provides company-paid CDL training to all qualified candidates. If you have experience, Schneider National rewards you with a higher starting pay.   We currently have opennings on our Northeast Regional account.  <ul><li>Regional work</li><li>Haul freight in Eastern PA, MD, NY, NJ, RI, MA, VT, NH, CT, ME</li><li>Get home weekly: 2 days off</li><li>A majority of the freight is paper products</li><li>Earn $39,000 to $42,000 in your first year for inexperienced drivers</li></ul>  For more information call Scheider National today or fill out an online application."	[schneider national is looking for individuals who are interested in becoming <b>truck drivers</b>. no experience necessary. schneider national provides company-paid cdl training to all qualified candidates. if you have experience, schneider national rewards you with a higher starting pay.   we currently have opennings on our northeast regional account.  <ul><li>regional work</li><li>haul freight in eastern pa, md, ny, nj, ri, ma, vt, nh, ct, me</li><li>get home weekly: 2 days off</li><li>a majority of the freight is paper products</li><li>earn $39,000 to $42,000 in your first year for inexperienced drivers</li></ul>  for more information call scheider national today, fill out an online application.]	[53]	[53]	53.17	Tractor Trailer Driver	1.0	1	0	Tractor Trailer Driver
v2	Part-time Delivery	"AUTO SUPPLY CO  PART-TIME DELIVERY: Ideal for retirees! Delivers must have product to local repair facilities. Requires class C license with clean record, familiar with Charlotte area, & lifting up to 60 lb. Position is 1st shift; M-F with day Saturday rotation. Excellent F/T benefits. Drugfree Workplace. Apply at: 4450 South Blvd. No calls please."	[auto supply co  part-time delivery: ideal for retirees! delivers must have product to local repair facilities. requires class c license with clean record, familiar with charlotte area, & lifting up to 60 lb. position is 1st shift; m-f with day saturday rotation. excellent f/t benefits. drugfree workplace. apply at: 4450 south blvd. no calls please.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Valet Parker	"Join us as we grow in the New Orleans area.  <b>Towne Park</b> is the nation's premier provider of contracted hospitality services and parking systems. We are the leading supplier of valet parking, bellman, doorman and parking facility management services.  The Guest Service Associate (Valet Parker) is responsible for providing aggressive hospitality in an attentive, friendly manner to all guest during their entire stay.  The Guest Service Associate is also responsible for parking and retrieving guest vehicles in a prompt yet safe manner.  He/She is also responsible for assisting guests with luggage including delivery and pick up of guest luggage during guest arrival and departure.   Please call 504-525-8358 to apply."	[join us as we grow in the new orleans area.  <b>towne park</b> is the nation's premier provider of contracted hospitality services and parking systems. we are the leading supplier of valet parking, bellman, doorman and parking facility management services.  the guest service associate (valet parker) is responsible for providing aggressive hospitality in an attentive, friendly manner to all guest during their entire stay.  the guest service associate is also responsible for parking and retrieving guest vehicles in a prompt yet safe manner.  he/she is also responsible for assisting guests with luggage including delivery and pick up of guest luggage during guest arrival and departure.   please call 504-525-8358 to apply.]	[53]	[53]	53.77	Valet Attendant	1.0	1	0	Valet Attendant
v2	Driver	"Career driving positions with the Premier Tank Carrier on the west coast are available at our local terminals throughout Northern and Southern California. This is shift work that require new drivers to work nights. Shifts, typically start at 5 p.m. and will average 10 1/2 to 12 hours. Days off are in a rotating schedule consisting of 6 shifts on, then off 3 shifts. All drivers are expected to work weekends and holidays per their shift assignment. Local work, home each day, and trucks are assigned to drivers.  We offer a full benefit package that includes hourly pay, medical(HMO), dental, vision, 401K with company match, life insurance, uniforms, and the best equipment in the industry.  Training will require 6-8 weeks for new drivers to the petroleum industry with one of our driver trainers. One week of classroom training is required of all drivers in our West Sacramento office."	[career driving positions with the premier tank carrier on the west coast are available at our local terminals throughout northern and southern california. this is shift work that require new drivers to work nights. shifts, typically start at 5 p.m. and will average 10 1/2 to 12 hours. days off are in a rotating schedule consisting of 6 shifts on, then off 3 shifts. all drivers are expected to work weekends and holidays per their shift assignment. local work, home each day, and trucks are assigned to drivers.  we offer a full benefit package that includes hourly pay, medical(hmo), dental, vision, 401k with company match, life insurance, uniforms, and the best equipment in the industry.  training will require 6-8 weeks for new drivers to the petroleum industry with one of our driver trainers. one week of classroom training is required of all drivers in our west sacramento office.]	[53]	[53]	53.0	Truck Driver	1.0	1	0	Truck Driver
v2	Delivery Driver (Part Time)	"For 75 years, NAPA has been the recognized quality leader in the auto parts and repair business. That's important, because when it comes to maintaining your car, you need quality parts and service you can count on.  The primary functions of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with NAPA customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner. This person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer. The delivery driver must account for cash on COd orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  SECONDARY JOB FUNCTIONS: Assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products ont he shelves. Cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store. Adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials. Answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training.Perform all other associated duties assigned by management."	[for 75 years, napa has been the recognized quality leader in the auto parts and repair business. that's important, because when it comes to maintaining your car, you need quality parts and service you can count on.  the primary functions of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with napa customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner. this person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer. the delivery driver must account for cash on cod orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  secondary job functions: assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products ont he shelves. cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store. adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials. answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training.perform all other associated duties assigned by management.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Automotive Parts Delivery Driver	"PRIMARY JOB FUNCTIONS: The primary functions of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with NAPA customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner.  This person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer.  The delivery driver must account for cash on COD orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  SECONDARY JOB FUNCTIONS: Assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products on the shelves Cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store. Adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials. Answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training. Perform all other associated duties assigned by management."	[primary job functions: the primary functions of this position are to establish and maintain good relations with napa customers by providing courteous, efficient, and professional delivery service in a safe and timely manner.  this person must also check invoices to ensure that the parts ordered were correctly pulled for delivery to the customer.  the delivery driver must account for cash on cod orders and maintain an accurate, detailed delivery log.  secondary job functions: assisting with checking in stock orders and stocking products on the shelves cleaning and routine maintenance functions for the delivery vehicles and the store. adhering to all safety rules, including the handling of hazardous materials. answering the telephone on occasion; participating in training. perform all other associated duties assigned by management.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Dock Supervisor Template	"<b>FedEx Ground</b> is a part of an $18 billion company with one of the most recognized brand names in the world. As a package delivery industry leader, <b>FedEx Ground</b> offers a variety of employment and career opportunities. We invite you to join a company that can offer you stability, leadership, and outstanding growth.  Service Managers are needed for our front line management team. Roll up your sleeves and get ready for a hands-on supervisory position as you contribute to the smooth operations of one of our facilities. Duties include dispatching, dock management, general operations administration and solving delivery problems.   Responsible for managing the efficient sorting, delivering, and handling packages within prescribed time frames. Direct a group of Package handlers and ensure proper handling of packages. Provide communication and feedback to direct reports and upper management. Responsible for training, safety, retention, and productivity/service goals. Ability to manage in a ""hands-on"" physical work environment. Varied hours. A minimum of 3 years operations management experience is required. (transportation or distribution preferred)."	[<b>fedex ground</b> is a part of an $18 billion company with one of the most recognized brand names in the world. as a package delivery industry leader, <b>fedex ground</b> offers a variety of employment and career opportunities. we invite you to join a company that can offer you stability, leadership, and outstanding growth.  service managers are needed for our front line management team. roll up your sleeves and get ready for a hands-on supervisory position as you contribute to the smooth operations of one of our facilities. duties include dispatching, dock management, general operations administration and solving delivery problems.   responsible for managing the efficient sorting, delivering, and handling packages within prescribed time frames. direct a group of package handlers and ensure proper handling of packages. provide communication and feedback to direct reports and upper management. responsible for training, safety, retention, and productivity/service goals. ability to manage in a hands-on physical work environment. varied hours. a minimum of 3 years operations management experience is required. (transportation, distribution preferred).]	[53, 11]	[53]	53.78	Dock Supervisor	1.0	1	0	Dock Supervisor
v2	Submarine Warfare Systems T&E Specialist	"<br /> <br /> <strong>Group: </strong>  TSG<br /> <br /> <strong>Clearance Level Needed: </strong>  Secret<br /> <br /> <strong>Shift: </strong>  Day<br /> <br /><div>Junior Warfare Systems T&E Specialist Submarine Warfare (Officer), Enlisted Submarine Warfare Submarine Programs (Engineering)</div>  <div></div>  <div>2 years of either; OT&E, DT&E or FOT&E experience</div>  <div></div>  <div><u>Mandatory Requirements</u></div>  <div>U.S. Citizenship</div>  <div></div>  <div>Hold a current Secret clearance (be eligible for Top Secret)</div>  <div></div>  <div>Former naval officer or navy senior enlisted with past performance and knowledge of tactical operations, missions and roles/functions of various entities within the Department of Defense and how they are envisioned to operate in real world tasking in a threat environment. </div>  <div></div>  <div>Experience in SSNs, SSBNs, or SSGNs engineering</div>  <div></div>  <div>Demonstrated competent technical writing abilities</div>  <div>Ease at operating the MS-Office suite</div>  <div>Past experience conducting analyses and supporting multi-faceted analytical work</div>  <div></div>  <div>Developmental Test & Evaluation experience  </div>  <div>Operational Test & Evaluation experience</div>  <div>Follow-on Test & Evaluation experience</div>  <div></div>  <div>------------------------</div>  <div>Junior Warfare Systems T&E Specialist Submarine Warfare (Officer), Enlisted Submarine Warfare Submarine Programs (Weapons Systems)</div>  <div></div>  <div>2 years of either; OT&E, DT&E or FOT&E experience</div>  <div></div>  <div><u>Mandatory Requirements</u></div>  <div>U.S. Citizenship</div>  <div></div>  <div>Hold a current Secret clearance (be eligible for Top Secret)</div>  <div></div>  <div>Former naval officer or navy senior enlisted with past performance and knowledge of tactical operations, missions and roles/functions of various entities within the Department of Defense and how they are envisioned to operate in real world tasking in a threat environment. </div>  <div></div>  <div>Experience in SSNs, SSBNs, or SSGNs weapon and weapon delivery systems to include sonar operations</div>  <div></div>  <div>Demonstrated competent technical writing abilities</div>  <div>Ease at operating the MS-Office suite</div>  <div>Past experience conducting analyses and supporting multi-faceted analytical work</div>  <div></div>  <div>Developmental Test & Evaluation experience  </div>  <div>Operational Test & Evaluation experience</div>  <div>Follow-on Test & Evaluation experience</div>"	[<br /> <br /> <strong>group: </strong>  tsg<br /> <br /> <strong>clearance level needed: </strong>  secret<br /> <br /> <strong>shift: </strong>  day<br /> <br /><div>junior warfare systems t&e specialist submarine warfare (officer), enlisted submarine warfare submarine programs (engineering)</div>  <div></div>  <div>2 years of either; ot&e, dt&e, fot&e experience</div>  <div></div>  <div><u>mandatory requirements</u></div>  <div>u.s. citizenship</div>  <div></div>  <div>hold a current secret clearance (be eligible for top secret)</div>  <div></div>  <div>former naval officer, navy senior enlisted with past performance and knowledge of tactical operations, missions and roles/functions of various entities within the department of defense and how they are envisioned to operate in real world tasking in a threat environment. </div>  <div></div>  <div>experience in ssns, ssbns,, ssgns engineering</div>  <div></div>  <div>demonstrated competent technical writing abilities</div>  <div>ease at operating the ms-office suite</div>  <div>past experience conducting analyses and supporting multi-faceted analytical work</div>  <div></div>  <div>developmental test & evaluation experience  </div>  <div>operational test & evaluation experience</div>  <div>follow-on test & evaluation experience</div>  <div></div>  <div>------------------------</div>  <div>junior warfare systems t&e specialist submarine warfare (officer), enlisted submarine warfare submarine programs (weapons systems)</div>  <div></div>  <div>2 years of either; ot&e, dt&e, fot&e experience</div>  <div></div>  <div><u>mandatory requirements</u></div>  <div>u.s. citizenship</div>  <div></div>  <div>hold a current secret clearance (be eligible for top secret)</div>  <div></div>  <div>former naval officer, navy senior enlisted with past performance and knowledge of tactical operations, missions and roles/functions of various entities within the department of defense and how they are envisioned to operate in real world tasking in a threat environment. </div>  <div></div>  <div>experience in ssns, ssbns,, ssgns weapon and weapon delivery systems to include sonar operations</div>  <div></div>  <div>demonstrated competent technical writing abilities</div>  <div>ease at operating the ms-office suite</div>  <div>past experience conducting analyses and supporting multi-faceted analytical work</div>  <div></div>  <div>developmental test & evaluation experience  </div>  <div>operational test & evaluation experience</div>  <div>follow-on test & evaluation experience</div>]	[55]	[15]	15.144	Computer Systems Specialist	0.97665036	0	0	"""Submarine Warefare Systems T&E Specialist"""
v2	Human Resources Manager	"Assistant HR Generalist for 2-500 employees and their managers in a  union setting.  Assist Manager, sppokesperson and negotiator to provide recruitment, W&S, benefits, legal, communications, etc and coordinate with other departmemts, provide support services, talk to and/or coordinate other employees.  Multiple opportunities in many other locations across the US."	[assistant hr generalist for 2-500 employees and their managers in a  union setting.  assist manager, sppokesperson and negotiator to provide recruitment, w&s, benefits, legal, communications, etc and coordinate with other departmemts, provide support services, talk to and/or coordinate other employees.  multiple opportunities in many other locations across the us.]	[11, 13]	[11]	11.11	Human Resources (HR) Manager	1.0	1	0	Human Resources (HR) Manager
v2	Accountant	"Accountant: Salary 29-32K.  Bethesda, Md.  Association in Downtown Bethesda seeks accountant for temp to hire position.  Position requires performing general accounting functions including bank reconciliation’s and journal entries.  Will also work on accounting projects and do research.  Candidates must have an accounting degree and proficiency with Excel.   Contact Kathryn at kjessee@acsysinc.com or fax your resume to 301-581-9515.  KJTE01"	[accountant: salary 29-32k.  bethesda, md.  association in downtown bethesda seeks accountant for temp to hire position.  position requires performing general accounting functions including bank reconciliation’s and journal entries.  will also work on accounting projects and do research.  candidates must have an accounting degree and proficiency with excel.   contact kathryn at kjessee@acsysinc.com, fax your resume to 301-581-9515.  kjte01]	[13, 43]	[13]	13.0	Accountant	1.0	1	1	Accountant
v2	Oracle Systems Analyst	"Self-starter individual with experience in design and implementation of systems, as well as experience supervising programmers to work on distributions systems, applications, and sales analysis."	[self-starter individual with experience in design and implementation of systems, as well as experience supervising programmers to work on distributions systems, applications, and sales analysis.]	[15]	[15]	15.9	Systems Analyst	0.6132477	1	0	Systems Analyst
v2	HVAC/R Design Engineer	"Will be involve in design of HVAC/R type of products from concept to release into mfg. Tasks range from determining fan curves, performance spec of system, heat transfer, selection of proper components, actual CAD drawing of sheet metal and layout of internal components. Will interface with process eng and production relative to manufacturability and cost reduction projects."	[will be involve in design of hvac/r type of products from concept to release into mfg. tasks range from determining fan curves, performance spec of system, heat transfer, selection of proper components, actual cad drawing of sheet metal and layout of internal components. will interface with process eng and production relative to manufacturability and cost reduction projects.]	[17]	[17]	17.208	HVAC Engineer	0.4120282	1	0	HVAC Engineer OR Design Engineer
v2	Marketing Scientist - SAS	"Major pharmaceutical corporation looking for Marketing Analyst with strong SAS skills plus experience with large databases.  To support analysis that utilizes primary and secondary marketing research techniques, make recommendations used in making marketing decisions, analyse promotion responses, perform target (customer, physician, patient) segmentation, customer analysis and forecasting of brand performance.  Assist Product Management in new product launch and monitor success of tha launch. We thank you in advance for your interest in Winnertech; however, we cannot always respond immediately to every resume. Winnertech will contact you when we find your skills are an appropriate fit for one of our positions."	[major pharmaceutical corporation looking for marketing analyst with strong sas skills plus experience with large databases.  to support analysis that utilizes primary and secondary marketing research techniques, make recommendations used in making marketing decisions, analyse promotion responses, perform target (customer, physician, patient) segmentation, customer analysis and forecasting of brand performance.  assist product management in new product launch and monitor success of tha launch. we thank you in advance for your interest in winnertech; however, we cannot always respond immediately to every resume. winnertech will contact you when we find your skills are an appropriate fit for one of our positions.]	[19]	[19]	19.4	Research Analyst	1.0	1	0	Research Analyst
v2	Social Worker Msw	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Social Worker SSM St. Joseph's Health Center in St. Charles, MO is currently seeking a qualified Social Worker Msw.    Job Category:                 Behavioral MedicineSpecialty:                      Social WorkerMinimum Qualifications:  Psych/CD adult exp pref. Group therapy facilitator experience pref. Previous assessment and discharge planning skills.  Facility: SSM St. Joseph's Health Center - St. Charles MO  Description: Sponsored by the Franciscan Sisters of Mary, St. Louis-based SSM Health Care (SSMHC), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest Catholic systems in the nation. It is also one of the largest health care providers in Missouri.  The SSMHC owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. Consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, SSMHC entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in Missouri, Illinois, Wisconsin, and Oklahoma. A primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  Community: Just west of St. Louis you'll find Saint Charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. Founded as Les Petites Cotes (The Little Hills) by French Canadian fur trader Louis Blanchette, Saint Charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young America.   Thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. Saint Charles is a source of historical encounter: the Lewis and Clark Rendezvous, Missouri's First State Capitol, origin of the Boones lick Trail and home to Daniel Boone.  The people of Saint Charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. As destination for almost 1 million visitors each year Saint Charles history comes alive to welcome you.  Experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769."	[profession: allied health specialties: social worker ssm st. joseph's health center in st. charles, mo is currently seeking a qualified social worker msw.    job category:                 behavioral medicinespecialty:                      social workerminimum qualifications:  psych/cd adult exp pref. group therapy facilitator experience pref. previous assessment and discharge planning skills.  facility: ssm st. joseph's health center - st. charles mo  description: sponsored by the franciscan sisters of mary, st. louis-based ssm health care (ssmhc), a health care ministry founded in 1872, is one of the largest catholic systems in the nation. it is also one of the largest health care providers in missouri.  the ssmhc owns, operates and manages 20 acute care hospitals. consistent with our philosophy of fostering collaboration and networking, ssmhc entities participate in integrated health networks in their communities in missouri, illinois, wisconsin, and oklahoma. a primary goal of these networks is to build healthier communities.  community: just west of st. louis you'll find saint charles, a river city with a unique historical perspective, beautiful sites, friendly people and a pace just a little slower than that of the big city. founded as les petites cotes (the little hills) by french canadian fur trader louis blanchette, saint charles grew into a thriving riverfront trading center for a young america.   thousands passed through on their journeys westward, replenishing supplies before departing into new territory. saint charles is a source of historical encounter: the lewis and clark rendezvous, missouri's first state capitol, origin of the boones lick trail and home to daniel boone.  the people of saint charles have labored lovingly to preserve and share its treasured river heritage. as destination for almost 1 million visitors each year saint charles history comes alive to welcome you.  experience the charm and beauty of a city that has been welcoming visitors since 1769.]	[21]	[21]	21.2	Social Worker	1.0	1	0	Social Worker
v2	Commercial Litigation Associate	"All phases of commercial litigation, 2 to 5 years is the requirement.  Attorney will be learning as he appears in court under excellent mentorship with top flight litigation partners. This ia a major Phoenix firm which is currently undergoing extreme expansion due to case load. Background in commercial litigation is a must."	[all phases of commercial litigation, 2 to 5 years is the requirement.  attorney will be learning as he appears in court under excellent mentorship with top flight litigation partners. this ia a major phoenix firm which is currently undergoing extreme expansion due to case load. background in commercial litigation is a must.]	[23]	[23]	23.6	Litigation Attorney	0.9167966	1	0	Litigation Attorney
v2	"Para Professional (Teaching Assistant) ESL, Spc Ed, Early Chldhd"	"The Kansas City, Missouri School District was organized in 1867 to meet the needs of 2,150 children. Today, the district educates more than 28,000 children. The urban district offers a rich multi-ethnic, multi-cultural mix of students. In 1984, as part of the most comprehensive desegregation plan in the country, a court-ordered capital improvement program brought new or renovated facilities, state-of-the-art equipment, small class sizes and innovative magnet themes to the district. In 1998, the district converted half its magnet schools to neighborhood schools. Magnet themes remain at three high schools, three middle schools, and 15 elementary schools.  The Para Professional will assist teachers in one or more of the following classes; (ESL) English as a Second language, Special Education, Early Childhood or Elementary Education. Duties many include, but not be limited to:  Perform routine supervisory duties such as classroom, hallways, playground, and lunchroom.  Research and assemble materials to be used for a particular unit, as instructed by teacher. Prepare bulletin boards, graphs and charts. Help in the care of the classroom. Read to students, listens to students read. Assist in individual or group activities, games, etc. Assist students in interpreting and following directions. Alert teacher to needs of students. Assist with field trips. Perform any other non-instructional responsibility assigned by the teacher."	[the kansas city, missouri school district was organized in 1867 to meet the needs of 2,150 children. today, the district educates more than 28,000 children. the urban district offers a rich multi-ethnic, multi-cultural mix of students. in 1984, as part of the most comprehensive desegregation plan in the country, a court-ordered capital improvement program brought new, renovated facilities, state-of-the-art equipment, small class sizes and innovative magnet themes to the district. in 1998, the district converted half its magnet schools to neighborhood schools. magnet themes remain at three high schools, three middle schools, and 15 elementary schools.  the para professional will assist teachers in one, more of the following classes; (esl) english as a second language, special education, early childhood, elementary education. duties many include, but not be limited to:  perform routine supervisory duties such as classroom, hallways, playground, and lunchroom.  research and assemble materials to be used for a particular unit, as instructed by teacher. prepare bulletin boards, graphs and charts. help in the care of the classroom. read to students, listens to students read. assist in individual, group activities, games, etc. assist students in interpreting and following directions. alert teacher to needs of students. assist with field trips. perform any other non-instructional responsibility assigned by the teacher.]	[25]	[25]	25.44	Teaching Assistant	1.0	1	0	Teaching Assistant
v2	Internet Graphic Designer	Our growing Internet/Software Development company is looking for a full time graphic designer to enhance our creative team. Challenging and diverse projects in electronic design await the right candidate.	[our growing internet/software development company is looking for a full time graphic designer to enhance our creative team. challenging and diverse projects in electronic design await the right candidate.]	[27, 15]	[27]	27.1	Graphic Designer	1.0	1	0	Graphic Designer
v2	Registered Nurse	"Profession: Nursing Specialties: Surgery, Progressive Care Carondelet Health Network is southern Arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  We are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  We continually recruit for qualified RNs in all specialities.  Facility: Carondelet Health Network  Description: Carondelet Health Network is southern Arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  We are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  We are one of the top 15 employers in the area with close to 4,000 employees and 1800 physicians with practicing privileges.  Our healing mission remains the same as it was over a century ago when the Sisters of St. Joseph of Carondelet journeyed from France to serve the diocese in Missouri; to provide for the health care needs of our community, to embrace the whole person in mind, body, and spirit; and to serve people equally.  Carondelet St. Mary's Hospital, located on the west side of Tucson, is a 214 bed facility which including Southern Arizona's only specialized Burn &amp; Wound Care Program.  St. Mary's offers a 50,000 square foot center for Outpatient Rehabilitation and operates one of the busiest Emergency Rooms with a base for Lifeline's emergency response helcopters.  Carondelet St. Joseph's Hospital, located on the east side of Tucson, is a 207 bed facility with an emphasis on outpatient care.  St. Joseph's offers specialized care in diabetes, cardiac &amp; pulmonary rehabilitation and obstetrics.  Carondelet Holy Cross Hospital, located in Santa Cruz county, is a 80 bed facility providing general medical/surgical services.  Holy Cross brings advanced technology to the community through its renal dialysis program, tele-radiology, mobile MRI and lithotripsy programs.  Community: Tucson is one of Arizona's major metropolitan areas with a population of approximately 800,000.  Home to the University of Arizona Champion Wildcat Basketball Team and solid Football Team.  Marvelous year round weather climate that allows much outdoor activities such as tennis, swimming, golf, bike &amp; hiking trails, and horseback riding.  In the month of February Tucson is the home for the largest Gem &amp; Mineral Show in the world with buyers from all over the world showing their gems."	[profession: nursing specialties: surgery, progressive care carondelet health network is southern arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  we are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  we continually recruit for qualified rns in all specialities.  facility: carondelet health network  description: carondelet health network is southern arizona's oldest and largest not-for-profit health care provider.  we are an extensive system of three hospitals and specialty treatment centers designed to meet most medical needs.  we are one of the top 15 employers in the area with close to 4,000 employees and 1800 physicians with practicing privileges.  our healing mission remains the same as it was over a century ago when the sisters of st. joseph of carondelet journeyed from france to serve the diocese in missouri; to provide for the health care needs of our community, to embrace the whole person in mind, body, and spirit; and to serve people equally.  carondelet st. mary's hospital, located on the west side of tucson, is a 214 bed facility which including southern arizona's only specialized burn &amp; wound care program.  st. mary's offers a 50,000 square foot center for outpatient rehabilitation and operates one of the busiest emergency rooms with a base for lifeline's emergency response helcopters.  carondelet st. joseph's hospital, located on the east side of tucson, is a 207 bed facility with an emphasis on outpatient care.  st. joseph's offers specialized care in diabetes, cardiac &amp; pulmonary rehabilitation and obstetrics.  carondelet holy cross hospital, located in santa cruz county, is a 80 bed facility providing general medical/surgical services.  holy cross brings advanced technology to the community through its renal dialysis program, tele-radiology, mobile mri and lithotripsy programs.  community: tucson is one of arizona's major metropolitan areas with a population of approximately 800,000.  home to the university of arizona champion wildcat basketball team and solid football team.  marvelous year round weather climate that allows much outdoor activities such as tennis, swimming, golf, bike &amp; hiking trails, and horseback riding.  in the month of february tucson is the home for the largest gem &amp; mineral show in the world with buyers from all over the world showing their gems.]	[29]	[29]	29.0	Registered Nurse	1.0	1	1	Registered Nurse
v2	Medical Transcriptionist - Level II	"Profession: Allied Health Specialties: Medical Technologist Saint Agnes Medical Center, located in the Central Valley region of California, is currently seeking a qualified Medical Transcriptionist - Level II.  This position is responsible for interpreting and transcribing dictation by physicians and other healthcare professionals regarding patient assessment, workup, therapeutic procedures, clinical course, diagnosis, prognosis, etc., in order to document patient care and facilitate delivery of healthcare services.  Facility: Saint Agnes Medical Center  Description: Saint Agnes Medical Center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of Central California for over 70 years.  Community: Located at the heart of Central California's San Joaquin Valley, Fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. Originally a water stop for the Southern Pacific Railroad, Fresno soon became the 'Agribusiness Capitol of the World.'"	[profession: allied health specialties: medical technologist saint agnes medical center, located in the central valley region of california, is currently seeking a qualified medical transcriptionist - level ii.  this position is responsible for interpreting and transcribing dictation by physicians and other healthcare professionals regarding patient assessment, workup, therapeutic procedures, clinical course, diagnosis, prognosis, etc., in order to document patient care and facilitate delivery of healthcare services.  facility: saint agnes medical center  description: saint agnes medical center is a full-service medical and surgical facility, providing quality health care to the residents of central california for over 70 years.  community: located at the heart of central california's san joaquin valley, fresno has grown to a population of over 411,600. originally a water stop for the southern pacific railroad, fresno soon became the 'agribusiness capitol of the world.']	[31]	[31]	31.15	Medical Transcriptionist	1.0	1	0	Medical Transcriptionist
v2	TRANSPORTATION OFFICER/Security Services	Profession: Operations Specialties: Security Guard 'Requires high school diploma or GED and valid Washington State driver's license with no moving violations within the last five (5) years.'  Providence   Days  40hrs/week        Facility: S Medical Center	[profession: operations specialties: security guard 'requires high school diploma, ged and valid washington state driver's license with no moving violations within the last five (5) years.'  providence   days  40hrs/week        facility: s medical center]	[33]	[33]	33.14	Transportation Security Officer (TSO)	0.9033357	1	0	Transportation Security Officer (TSO)
v2	Restaurant Management	"Management of a full service restaurant with over $3M in annual sales, for a fast growing chain with over 360 locations."	[management of a full service restaurant with over $3m in annual sales, for a fast growing chain with over 360 locations.]	[35, 11]	[35]	35.0	Restaurant Manager	1.0	1	0	Restaurant Manager
v2	Recreation Coordinator	"This is professional, administrative, and supervisory work in the Department of Parks, Recreation and Cultural Arts. Incumbent coordinates recreation programs and events relating to scheduling by the Department.  Employees in this class are responsible for training, supervising and evaluating subordinate personnel who lead or assist with recreation activities and maintenance of facilities.  Duties include the incumbent’s personal participation in planning and implementing a wide range of recreation programs and activities."	[this is professional, administrative, and supervisory work in the department of parks, recreation and cultural arts. incumbent coordinates recreation programs and events relating to scheduling by the department.  employees in this class are responsible for training, supervising and evaluating subordinate personnel who lead, assist with recreation activities and maintenance of facilities.  duties include the incumbent’s personal participation in planning and implementing a wide range of recreation programs and activities.]	[39, 11]	[39]	39.46	Recreation Coordinator	0.9994989	1	1	Recreation Coordinator
v2	ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER MENSWEAR	"Dynamic national retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the NY, LI, WESTCHESTER and NEW JERSY regions. Responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $15MM unit. Will supervise Department Managers and Sales Associates and communicate with Buyers and Visual Merchandising.  Annual performance bonus up to $10,000."	[dynamic national retailer of better men's fashions seeks several individuals for current expansion throughout the ny, li, westchester and new jersy regions. responsibilities include all merchandising and operational activities in a 20,000+ square foot $15mm unit. will supervise department managers and sales associates and communicate with buyers and visual merchandising.  annual performance bonus up to $10,000.]	[41, 11]	[41]	41.3	Assistant Store Manager	0.5	1	0	Assistant Store Manager
v2	Accounts Payable-Purchasing Auditor	"THE AUDIT GROUP, INC. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the United States. In these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader.  Our reputation for discovery auditing, funds recovery, expert consulting, and working in close partnership with our clients has made us the distinguished industry leader. Although we are currently fully staffed, our growth requires that we add positions beginning in early 2000.  If you're a high performer and have been looking for the company that recognizes and rewards results, consider The Audit Group. You'll want to join our team because you've seen different ways to do things and have ideas about new approaches. You think best outside of the box, and aren't afraid to roll up your sleeves to help our customers.  Our customers are located throughout the U.S.  To provide the kind of ""knock-their-socks-off"" expertise and customer service that we're known for, you'll travel to the hospital site to conduct the audit, and reside in that city for 2-3 months until the audit is concluded. Although NO RELOCATION IS REQUIRED, our continuing growth requires that you'll travel 90%-95% of the year, throughout the U.S.  For detailed info about the job, hiring timelines, our company, everything...check us out at our web site - theauditgroup.com"	[the audit group, inc. conducts accounts payable audits exclusively for health systems and hospitals throughout the united states. in these niche services, we are the nationally recognized leader.  our reputation for discovery auditing, funds recovery, expert consulting, and working in close partnership with our clients has made us the distinguished industry leader. although we are currently fully staffed, our growth requires that we add positions beginning in early 2000.  if you're a high performer and have been looking for the company that recognizes and rewards results, consider the audit group. you'll want to join our team because you've seen different ways to do things and have ideas about new approaches. you think best outside of the box, and aren't afraid to roll up your sleeves to help our customers.  our customers are located throughout the u.s.  to provide the kind of knock-their-socks-off expertise and customer service that we're known for, you'll travel to the hospital site to conduct the audit, and reside in that city for 2-3 months until the audit is concluded. although no relocation is required, our continuing growth requires that you'll travel 90%-95% of the year, throughout the u.s.  for detailed info about the job, hiring timelines, our company, everything...check us out at our web site - theauditgroup.com]	[43]	[43]	43.9	Accounts Payable Clerk	0.26731792	1	0	Accounts Payable Clerk
v2	Project Superintendent - Highway	Project Superintendent for $500+MM heavy highway construction company.  Looking for a candidate with experience in supervising highway construction projects (pipe/dirt work) of $100K - $50+MM with a crew size of 10 or more.  This position offers growth opportunities within the company.	[project superintendent for $500+mm heavy highway construction company.  looking for a candidate with experience in supervising highway construction projects (pipe/dirt work) of $100k - $50+mm with a crew size of 10, more.  this position offers growth opportunities within the company.]	[47, 11]	[47]	47.30128	Superintendent	0.77004135	1	0	Superintendent OR Construction Supervisor
v2	Maintenance Technician	"Profession: Operations Specialties: General Maintenance Requires a min. of 5 years installing, repairing and servicing electrical generators, distribution and utilization equipment and systems.  Hospital experience preferred.  Clean DMV  Facility: Riverside Community Hospital"	[profession: operations specialties: general maintenance requires a min. of 5 years installing, repairing and servicing electrical generators, distribution and utilization equipment and systems.  hospital experience preferred.  clean dmv  facility: riverside community hospital]	[49, 37]	[49]	49.22	Facility Maintenance Technician	1.0	1	0	Facility Maintenance Technician OR Maintenance Technician
v2	Line Manager	"Reference Code:  HH-9810-TN Placement:  Permanent Job Title:  Line Manager Benefits:  Employee Package + Relocation Package Location:  McKenzie, TN Salary Range:  $ 50K-$56K (BOE) Education: BS degree in Industrial Engineering or  Mechanical Engineering Citizenship:  U.S., Canadian or Green Card (Permanent Resident) Clearance Level: N/A  DESCRIPTION:   3+ years of experience in New Product/Process development and manufacturing, in a Supervisory and/or Management capacity.  ISO/QS 9000 experience/knowledge, continuous improvement skills, assembly line processes, self-direct work teams, powder coating painting systems, fabrication and welding and Just-In-Time, KanBan, Lean Manufacturing, and Cellular Manufacturing.  Data Collection and Analysis.    THIS IS A 2ND SHIFT POSITION!"	[reference code:  hh-9810-tn placement:  permanent job title:  line manager benefits:  employee package + relocation package location:  mckenzie, tn salary range:  $ 50k-$56k (boe) education: bs degree in industrial engineering, mechanical engineering citizenship:  u.s., canadian, green card (permanent resident) clearance level: n/a  description:   3+ years of experience in new product/process development and manufacturing, in a supervisory and/or management capacity.  iso/qs 9000 experience/knowledge, continuous improvement skills, assembly line processes, self-direct work teams, powder coating painting systems, fabrication and welding and just-in-time, kanban, lean manufacturing, and cellular manufacturing.  data collection and analysis.    this is a 2nd shift position!]	[51, 11]	[51]	51.11	Production Manager	0.5914055	1	0	Line Supervisor OR Production Manager
v2	Driver	"S.P. Richards Co., a national wholesale business products distributor, has an immediate opening for a Nighttime Delivery Driver at our Middletown, NY facility.  The delivery area is Manhattan, Northern New Jersey, Northeast PA, and Hudson Valley.  Applicants should possess a safe driving record, as well as general warehouse skills.  A class A CDL preferred.  Must have a class B license.    SPR employees enjoy a comprehensive benefits program as part of Genuine Parts Company. S.P. Richards Company is an Equal Opportunity Employer."	[s.p. richards co., a national wholesale business products distributor, has an immediate opening for a nighttime delivery driver at our middletown, ny facility.  the delivery area is manhattan, northern new jersey, northeast pa, and hudson valley.  applicants should possess a safe driving record, as well as general warehouse skills.  a class a cdl preferred.  must have a class b license.    spr employees enjoy a comprehensive benefits program as part of genuine parts company. s.p. richards company is an equal opportunity employer.]	[53]	[53]	53.2	Delivery Driver	1.0	1	0	Delivery Driver
v2	Weapons Systems Technician - Cannon Crewmember	"<b>Weapons Systems Technician - Cannon Crewmember</b>    The Cannon Crewmember is a Soldier that operates high-tech cannon artillery weapons systems.  In the Indiana Army National Guard, the Cannon Crewmember is critical in ensuring the United States battlefield superiority.  Cannon Crewmembers excel at teamwork and use their top-notch decision-making abilities in the execution of their important duties.    The Indiana Army National Guard is an elite group of warriors who dedicate a portion of their time to serving their nation. Guard members train part-time to be ready full-time, should their state or nation call them to serve.    <b>Major Duties</b>    <li>Loads and fires howitzers  <li>Sets fuse and charge on a variety of munitions, including high explosive artillery rounds, laser guided projectiles, scatterable mines, and rocket assisted projectiles  <li>Uses computer generated fire direction data to set elevation of cannon tube for loading and firing  <li>Employs rifles, machine guns, and grenade and rocket launchers in offensive and defensive operations  <li>Drives and operates heavy and light wheeled trucks and tracked vehicles  <li>Transports and manages artillery ammunition  <li>Participates in reconnaissance operations to include security operations and position preparation  <li>Maintains operational readiness of vehicles and equipment    <b>Benefits</b>    <li><b>$10,000 Bonus</b>  <li>Paid Training  <li>A Monthly Paycheck  <li>Montgomery G.I. Bill  <li>Up to 100% Tuition Assistance for College  <li>Student Loan Repayment Program - Up to $20,000 for existing student loans  <li>Retirement Benefits for Part-time Service"	[<b>weapons systems technician - cannon crewmember</b>    the cannon crewmember is a soldier that operates high-tech cannon artillery weapons systems.  in the indiana army national guard, the cannon crewmember is critical in ensuring the united states battlefield superiority.  cannon crewmembers excel at teamwork and use their top-notch decision-making abilities in the execution of their important duties.    the indiana army national guard is an elite group of warriors who dedicate a portion of their time to serving their nation. guard members train part-time to be ready full-time, should their state, nation call them to serve.    <b>major duties</b>    <li>loads and fires howitzers  <li>sets fuse and charge on a variety of munitions, including high explosive artillery rounds, laser guided projectiles, scatterable mines, and rocket assisted projectiles  <li>uses computer generated fire direction data to set elevation of cannon tube for loading and firing  <li>employs rifles, machine guns, and grenade and rocket launchers in offensive and defensive operations  <li>drives and operates heavy and light wheeled trucks and tracked vehicles  <li>transports and manages artillery ammunition  <li>participates in reconnaissance operations to include security operations and position preparation  <li>maintains operational readiness of vehicles and equipment    <b>benefits</b>    <li><b>$10,000 bonus</b>  <li>paid training  <li>a monthly paycheck  <li>montgomery g.i. bill  <li>up to 100% tuition assistance for college  <li>student loan repayment program - up to $20,000 for existing student loans  <li>retirement benefits for part-time service]	[55]	[55]	55.11	Weapons Technician	0.57547	1	0	Weapons Technician

Number of Titles: 484
Elapsed milliseconds: 39824.605
milliseconds/title: 82.28224
Accuracy (%): 21.074380165289256 (102/484)
Accuracy (%) for inSOCs: 95.66115702479338 (463/484)
